1	 ; with Harry clutching on as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and 	Bane behind them.   Harry didn't have a clue what was going on.   "Why's Bane so angry?" 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
2	 .   There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the clearing. Ronan and 	Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty.   "Firenze!" Bane thundered. "Wha	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
3	  had to grab his shoulders to stay on.   "Do you not see that unicorn?" Firenze bellowed at 	Bane. "Do you not understand why it was killed? Or have the planets not let you in on 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
4	  he'd got Hagrid drunk. I just hope Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us up if 	Bane doesn't stop him. Where's Dumbledore's office?"   They looked around, as if hoping to see 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
5	 . "I'm sure Firenze thought he was acting for the best, " he said in his gloomy voice.   	Bane kicked his back legs in anger.   "For the best! What is that to do with us? Centaurs 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
6	  went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off... Well, I suppose 	Bane'll be happy."   Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.   "Harry, everyone 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
7	 er boy. The quicker he leaves this forest, the better."   "What have you been telling him?" growled 	Bane. "Remember, Firenze, we are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read what 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
8	 but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan.   "Hullo, 	Bane," said Hagrid. "All right?"   "Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well?"   "Well enough. Look, I'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
9	  Ronan and Bane behind them.   Harry didn't have a clue what was going on.   "Why's 	Bane so angry?" he asked. "What was that thing you saved me from, anyway?"   Firenze slowed to a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
10	  with what the planets say is going to happen.... They must show that Voldemort's coming back.... 	Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.... I suppose that's written in the stars as 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
11	 . When he looked up, the figure had gone. A centaur was standing over him, not Ronan or 	Bane; this one looked younger; he had white-blond hair and a palomino body.   "Are you all right?" 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
12	 ring. Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty.   "Firenze!" 	Bane thundered. "What are you doing? You have a human on your back! Have you no shame? Are 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
13	 ."   Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing, staring over their shoulders at Ronan and 	Bane until the trees blocked their view.   "Never," said Hagrid irritably, "try an' get a straight answe	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
14	  anythin' odd in here lately? There's a unicorn bin injured -- would yeh know anythin' about it?"   	Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan. He looked skyward. "Mars is bright tonight," he said simply.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
15	  could hear them.   Harry wasn't listening.   "Firenze saved me, but he shouldn't have done so.... 	Bane was furious...   he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen.... 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
16	  not let you in on that secret? I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, 	Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must."   And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
