1	 ng around unseen."   Harry had a sudden idea.   "Peeves," he said, in a hoarse whisper, "the Bloody 	Baron has his own reasons for being invisible."   Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
2	 , I most certainly will," said Peeves, rising up in the air again. "Hope your business goes well, 	Baron, I'll not bother you."   And he scooted off "Brilliant, Harry!" whispered Ron.   A few seconds late	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
3	  coming from the chamber they'd just chained up.   "Oh, no," said Ron, pale as the Bloody 	Baron.   "It's the girls' bathroom!" Harry gasped.   "Hermione!" they said together.   It was the last th	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
4	 kle Firsties! What fun!"   He swooped suddenly at them. They all ducked.   "Go away, Peeves, or the 	Baron'll hear about this, I mean it!" barked Percy.   Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
5	  gone so long without winning. Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! The Bloody 	Baron's becoming almost unbearable -- he's the Slytherin ghost."   Harry looked over at the Slytherin tab	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
6	  me!" said Neville, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to stay here alone, the Bloody 	Baron's been past twice already."   Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
7	  passed.   "You want to watch out for Peeves," said Percy, as they set off again.   "The Bloody 	Baron's the only one who can control him, he won't even listen to us prefects. Here 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
8	  caught himself in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs.   "So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. 	Baron, Sir," he said greasily. "My mistake, my mistake -- I didn't see you -- of course I didn'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
9	  air being let out of a balloon, answered.   "Do you want me to go to the Bloody 	Baron?"   There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
