1	  too late to change the plan now," Harry told Hermione. "We haven't got time to send 	Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance to get rid of Norbert. We'll have 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
2	  -- Charlie -- your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons.   We could send Norbert to him. 	Charlie can take care of him and then put him back in the wild!"   "Brilliant!" said Ron. "How 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
3	  thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes when he said that.   "How's yer brother 	Charlie?" Hagrid asked Ron. "I liked him a lot -- great with animals."   Harry wondered if Hagrid had chang	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
4	  go to Hogwarts. You could say I've got a lot to live up to. Bill and 	Charlie have already left -- Bill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now Percy's a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
5	  him forever, but I can't jus' dump him, I can't."   Harry suddenly turned to Ron. 	Charlie, he said.   "You're losing it, too," said Ron. "I'm Ron, remember?"   "No -- Charlie -- your brothe	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
6	 e said.   "You're losing it, too," said Ron. "I'm Ron, remember?"   "No -- Charlie -- your brother, 	Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons.   We could send Norbert to him. Charlie can take care of him and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
7	  going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,"   said Fred. "We haven't won since 	Charlie left, but this year's team is going to be brilliant. You must be good, Harry, Wood 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
8	  on the dark window.   "It's Hedwig!" said Harry, hurrying to let her in. "She'll have 	Charlie's answer!"   The three of them put their heads together to read the note.   Dear Ron,   How 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
9	 t in his crate. About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out of the darkness.   	Charlie's friends were a cheery lot. They showed Harry and Hermione the harness they'd rigged up, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
10	  the back garden - anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous. You should see the burns 	Charlie's got off wild ones in Romania."   "But there aren't wild dragons in Britain?" said Harry.   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
11	  that they've left, anyway?"   Harry was wondering what a wizard did once he'd finished school.   "	Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa doing something for Gringotts," said Ron. "Did 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
12	  puffed. "Norbert's at a tricky stage -- nothin' I can't handle."   When they told him about 	Charlie's letter, his eyes filled with tears, although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
13	 .   "Midnight on Saturday!" he said in a hoarse voice. "Oh no oh no -- I've just remembered -- 	Charlie's letter was in that book Malfoy took, he's going to know we're getting rid 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
14	  would tell anyone who'd listen about the time he'd almost hit a hang glider on 	Charlie's old broom.   Everyone from wizarding families talked about Quidditch constantly. Ron had already 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
15	  first. You never get anything new, either, with five brothers. I've got Bill's old robes, 	Charlie's old wand, and Percy's old rat."   Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
16	 ls."   Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. While Ron told Hagrid all about 	Charlie's work with dragons, Harry picked up a piece of paper that was lying on the table 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
17	  take him away while it's still dark.   Send me an answer as soon as possible.   Love,   	Charlie   They looked at one another.   "We've got the invisibility cloak," said Harry. "It shouldn't be 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
18	 . "How about it, Hagrid?"   And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send -an owl to 	Charlie to ask him.   The following week dragged by. Wednesday night found Hermione and Harry sitting alone	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
19	  a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already left -- Bill was head boy and 	Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now Percy's a prefect. Fred and George mess around a lot, but 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
20	  trudged back up to the castle. "I wouldn't be surprised if you turn out better than 	Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for England if he hadn't gone off chasing dragons."   Perhaps 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
21	 in his hand after a fifty-foot dive," Professor McGonagall told Wood. "Didn't even scratch himself. 	Charlie Weasley couldn't have done it."   Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
22	  and his brothers were staying, too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania to visit 	Charlie.   When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large fir tree blocking 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
23	  to Ron. Charlie, he said.   "You're losing it, too," said Ron. "I'm Ron, remember?"   "No -- 	Charlie -- your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons.   We could send Norbert to him. Charlie can	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
