1	 uickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.   "Just looking," he said, and he sloped away with 	Crabbe and Goyle behind him.   At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurri	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
2	  your little friends with you," said Harry coolly. There was of course nothing at all little about 	Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was full of teachers, neither of them could do more 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
3	  Christmas because they're not wanted at home."   He was looking over at Harry as he spoke. 	Crabbe and Goyle chuckled.   Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them.   Malf	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
4	  Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked by 	Crabbe and Goyle.   "Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?"   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
5	  turned in his seat to face Malfoy.   "I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.   Malfoy, 	Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
6	 he hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!"   Malfoy went to join his friends 	Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself.   There weren't many people left now. "Moon" "Nott" "Parki	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
7	 efore their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by 	Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.   "That's a broomstick," he said, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
8	  points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isn't more. Move along, all of you."   Malfoy, 	Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.   "I'll get hi	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
9	  Malfoy --"   "That's enough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now."   Harry caught sight of Malfoy, 	Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as she 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
10	  Harry on the back. "And I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on 	Crabbe and Goyle single-handed! He's still out cold but Madam Pomftey says he'll be all 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
11	  course he has," said Ron, wheeling around. "I'm his second, who's yours?"   Malfoy looked at 	Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.   "Crabbe," he said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
12	 .   "Ah, Yes," he said softly, "Harry Potter. Our new -- celebrity."   Draco Malfoy and his friends 	Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their hands. Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
13	  made a sharp about-face and held the broom steady. A few people below were clapping.   "No 	Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy," Harry called.   The same thought seemed to have 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
14	  under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, 	Crabbe, and Goyle.   Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
15	 re you?" Malfoy sneered.   "Unless you get out now," said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because 	Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.   "But we don't feet like leaving, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
16	  didn't have the faintest idea what a bezoar was. He tried not to look at Malfoy, 	Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.   "I don't know, sit." "Thought you wouldn't open 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
17	  the head. It was Malfoy.   "Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn't see you there."   Malfoy grinned broadly at 	Crabbe and Goyle.   "Wonder how long Potter's going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone want 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
18	    Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle's knuckle - 	Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbets finally 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
19	 xtremely mean. Standing on either side of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguards.   "Oh, this is 	Crabbe and this is Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly, noticing where Harry was looking. "And my name'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
20	  around. "I'm his second, who's yours?"   Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.   "	Crabbe," he said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy room; that's always unlocked."   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
21	 . They sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room.   Malfoy and 	Crabbe weren't there yet. The crystal trophy cases glimmered where the moonlight caught them. Cups, shield	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
