1	  in a large purple turban.   And now there were only three people left to be sorted. "Thomas, 	Dean,"   a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table.   "Turpin, Lisa," becam	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
2	  call the perfect end to the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to 	Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Neville wasn't back from the hospital wing). Ron had spent all evening 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
3	 , "Send him off, ref! Red card!"   "What are you talking about, Dean?" said Ron.   "Red card!" said 	Dean furiously. "In soccer you get shown the red card and you're out of the game!"   "But 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
4	  get shown the red card and you're out of the game!"   "But this isn't soccer, 	Dean," Ron reminded him.   Hagrid, however, was on Dean's side.   "They oughta change the rules. Flint c	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
5	  game with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Harry had caught Ron prodding 	Dean's poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.   Neville had never been 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
6	  out of the game!"   "But this isn't soccer, Dean," Ron reminded him.   Hagrid, however, was on 	Dean's side.   "They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air."   Lee Jordan wa	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
7	  the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, "Send him off, ref! Red card!"   "What are you talking about, 	Dean?" said Ron.   "Red card!" said Dean furiously. "In soccer you get shown the red card and you'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
8	  still difficult to see what was going on sometimes.   Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and 	Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row. As a surprise for Harry, they had painted 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
9	 the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.   Down in the stands, 	Dean Thomas was yelling, "Send him off, ref! Red card!"   "What are you talking about, Dean?" said Ron. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
10	  from wizarding families talked about Quidditch constantly. Ron had already had a big argument with 	Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soccer. Ron couldn't see what was exciting about a game 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
11	  a large banner on one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined. It said Potter for President, and 	Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion underneath. Then Hermione had performed 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
