1	 ," he said, "it's a Nimbus Two Thousand.   What did you say you've got at home, 	Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?" Ron grinned at Harry. "Comets look flashy, but they're not in the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
2	 ut of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast. Harry, 	Malfoy, and Fang stood transfixed. The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
3	  my father. Is that true?"   "Well, they did rather detest each other. Not unlike yourself and Mr. 	Malfoy. And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive."   "What?"   "He saved his life."   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
4	  this as an added bonus. All they really wanted now was a way of getting back at 	Malfoy, and to their great delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about a week later.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
5	  Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy," Harry called.   The same thought seemed to have struck 	Malfoy.   "Catch it if you can, then!" he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
6	  Harry didn't have the faintest idea what a bezoar was. He tried not to look at 	Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.   "I don't know, sit." "Thought you wouldn't 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
7	 til "But Malfoy --"   "That's enough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now."   Harry caught sight of 	Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
8	 . "Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isn't more. Move along, all of you."   	Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.   "I'll	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
9	  but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.   "I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.   	Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
10	 hard-faced Slytherin girl. "Never thought you'd like fat little crybabies, Parvati."   "Look!" said 	Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the grass. "It's that stupid thing Longbottom's gran	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
11	  this is Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly, noticing where Harry was looking. "And my name's 	Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."   Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget. Draco Malfoy look	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
12	 t week. See you."   Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: 	Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.   "Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
13	  steady. A few people below were clapping.   "No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, 	Malfoy," Harry called.   The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.   "Catch it if you can, then!" he 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
14	  room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. Filch was already there -- and so was 	Malfoy. Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention, too.   "Follow me," said Filch, lighti	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
15	 . He gave it to Neville, who looked as though he might cry.   "You're worth twelve of 	Malfoy," Harry said. "The Sorting Hat chose you for Gryffindor, didn't it? And where's Malfoy? In 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
16	 . "Just what I always wanted. To make a fool of myself on a broomstick in front of 	Malfoy."   He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.   "You don't know 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
17	  went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.   "I'm worth twelve of you, 	Malfoy," he stammered.   Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take h	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
18	 , Longbottom, you've got no brains."   Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face 	Malfoy.   "I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.   Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, b	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
19	  of Malfoy," Harry said. "The Sorting Hat chose you for Gryffindor, didn't it? And where's 	Malfoy? In stinking Slytherin."   Neville's lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.   "Than	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
20	 nching noise announced Hagrid's return. Malfoy, Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. 	Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville had panicked and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
21	  were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick. So 	Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting Harry about having no proper family.   It was true 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
22	  got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully -- and there was 	Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
23	 ck, he paused at Harry's name.   "Ah, Yes," he said softly, "Harry Potter. Our new -- celebrity."   	Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their hands. Snape finished calling the names and	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
24	 nty- two."   A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.   Harry could see 	Draco Malfoy banging his goblet on the table. It was a sickening sight.   "Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
25	  it.   "I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks," he said coolly.   	Draco Malfoy didn't go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale cheeks.   "I'd be 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
26	  name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."   Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget. 	Draco Malfoy looked at him.   "Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
27	  and they kept as close as possible to their hot cauldrons.   "I do feel so sorry," said 	Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, "for all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
28	  is Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly, noticing where Harry was looking. "And my name's Malfoy, 	Draco Malfoy."   Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget. Draco Malfoy looked at 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
29	  going on," said Professor McGonagall. "It doesn't take a genius to work it out. You fed 	Draco Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon, trying to get him out of bed and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
30	  believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley, but that was before he met 	Draco Malfoy. Still, first-year Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn't have to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
31	  scarlet, "You've forgotten something..."   Neville was trying to remember what he'd forgotten when 	Draco Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his hand.   Harry and Ron 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
32	  yeh, he's a coward," said Hagrid. " So me, Harry, an' Hermione'll go one way an' 	Draco, Neville, an' Fang'll go the other.   Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we'll 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
33	  reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left path while 	Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.   They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. Every now 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
34	  was going on? Where were the others? At last, a great crunching noise announced Hagrid's return. 	Malfoy, Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Nevill	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
35	 . "Look -they're off Ouch!"   Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head. It was 	Malfoy.   "Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn't see you there."   Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.   "Wonder 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
36	 s nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.   "I'm warning you, 	Malfoy -- one more word "Ron!" said Hermione suddenly, "Harry --"   "What? Where?"   Harry had suddenly gone 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
37	  a bullet.   "You're in luck, Weasley, Potter's obviously spotted some money on the ground!" said 	Malfoy.   Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of him, wrestling him to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
38	  gran sent him."   The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up.   "Give that here, 	Malfoy," said Harry quietly. Everyone stopped talking to watch.   Malfoy smiled nastily.   "I think I'll lea	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
39	 eet, trembling. "What happened?" Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit with Harry and Ron.   "	Malfoy," said Neville shakily. "I met him outside the library. He said he'd been looking for someone 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
40	 o laughter.   "Did you see his face, the great lump?"   The other Slytherins joined in.   "Shut up, 	Malfoy," snapped Parvati Patil.   "Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?" said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slyt	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
41	  jump. Harry had only just raised his wand when they heard someone speak -and it wasn't 	Malfoy.   "Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner."   It was Filch speaking to Mrs. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
42	 hrough the tangled branches of an ancient oak.   "Look --" he murmured, holding out his arm to stop 	Malfoy.   Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. They inched closer.   It was the unicorn all rig	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
43	  might have broken your neck --"   "It wasn't his fault, Professor --"   "Be quiet, Miss Patil "But 	Malfoy --"   "That's enough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now."   Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Go	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
44	  utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! Come on -- I shall see Professor Snape about you, 	Malfoy!"   The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest thing in the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
45	  week had been that the other two agreed with him. Anything to get rid of Norbert -- and 	Malfoy.   There was a hitch. By the next morning, Ron's bitten hand had swollen to twice its 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
46	 t of jig.   "Malfoy's got detention! I could sing!"   "Don't," Harry advised her.   Chuckling about 	Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his crate. About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came s	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
47	  more than crack their knuckles and scowl.   "I'd take you on anytime on my own," said 	Malfoy. "Tonight, if you want.   Wizard's duel. Wands only -- no contact. What's the matter? Never heard 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
48	  stunned.   "Give it here," Harry called, "or I'll knock you off that broom!" "Oh, yeah?" said 	Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried.   Harry knew, somehow, what to do. He leaned forward and gras	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
49	  put it out of its misery."   "And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first?" said 	Malfoy, unable to keep the fear out of his voice.   "There's nothin' that lives in the forest 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
50	  as a point for Gryffindor before.   Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at 	Malfoy, who couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the Body-Bind 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
51	  cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except 	Malfoy, whom he seemed to like. He was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
