1	  in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and 	Dudley. After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	62
2	  mistake. A wizard? Him? How could he possibly be? He'd spent his life being clouted by 	Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	119
3	 .   Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city. 	Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets. Dudley snored but Harry stayed 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	106
4	  her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called 	Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.   The Dursleys had everything they wanted, bu	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
5	  ideas.   It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. The Dursleys bought 	Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
6	  and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!"   	Dudley and Piers sniggered.   I know they don't," said Harry. "It was only a dream."   But he 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
7	  in mid- jump.   But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being with 	Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn't school, his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg'	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
8	  glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone. 	Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons. Dudley quickly foun	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
9	  a long time. He was careful to walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that 	Dudley and Piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn't fall back 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
10	  on his first day at Stonewall High -- like he was wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably.   	Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the smell from Harry's new 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	77
11	 , his hair simply grew that way -- all over the place.   Harry was frying eggs by the time 	Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
12	  bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.   "Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?" 	Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon. Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	108
13	  shredded the letters in her food processor.   "Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?" 	Dudley asked Harry in amazement.   On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	102
14	  because of the smell from Harry's new uniform. Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as usual and 	Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere, on the table.   They heard the click of the	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	78
15	  the room that looked as though they'd never been touched.   From downstairs came the sound of 	Dudley bawling at his mother, I don't want him in there... I need that room... make him 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	97
16	 , "...   and leave him in the car...."   "That car's new, he's not sitting in it alone...."   	Dudley began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasn't really crying -- it had been years since he'	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
17	  NINE   THE MIDNIGHT DUEL   Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than 	Dudley, but that was before he met Draco Malfoy. Still, first-year Gryffindors only had Potions with the 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	137
18	 outed.   "Let me see it!" demanded Dudley.   "OUT!" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and 	Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	87
19	 .   "DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT IT'S DOING!"   	Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could.   "Out of the way, you," he said, punching 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
20	  Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again. Piers and 	Dudley could only gibber. As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except snap 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	60
21	  had anything as horrible as your head down it -- it might be sick." Then he ran, before 	Dudley could work out what he'd said.   One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	72
22	  off to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn't be with 	Dudley. Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	69
23	 ts of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets -- but 	Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large blond boy riding his 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
24	  Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like 	Dudley, except that it wasn't blond.   Harry had the best morning he'd had in a long 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
25	  was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, 	Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley."   The gi	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	117
26	 ," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.   "Make Harry get it."   "Get the mail, Harry."   "Make 	Dudley get it."   "Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley."   Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	80
27	 .   When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice to Harry, made 	Dudley go and get it. They heard him banging things with his Smelting stick all the way down 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	99
28	 tter clutched in his hand.   "Go to your cupboard -- I mean, your bedroom," he wheezed at Harry.   "	Dudley -- go -- just go."   Harry walked round and round his new room. Someone knew he had moved out 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	101
29	 , it's here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy."   "All right, thirty-seven then," said 	Dudley, going red in the face.   Harry, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
30	  eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss 	Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
31	  fall back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when 	Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
32	 . By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and 	Dudley had already broken his new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time out o	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	65
33	  him in his cupboard? If he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come 	Dudley had always been able to kick him around like a football? "Hagrid," he said quietly, "I think 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	120
34	  never exactly starved Harry, but he'd never been allowed to eat as much as he liked. 	Dudley had always taken anything that Harry really wanted, even if It made him sick. Harry piled his 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	136
35	  to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn't be with Dudley. 	Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there to	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	70
36	  and how Dudley had learned a new word ("Won't!"). Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. When 	Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to catch the last 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
37	  he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole life -- more money than even 	Dudley had ever had.   "Might as well get yer uniform," said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam Malkin's Robes 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	126
38	 he kitchen. The table was almost hidden beneath all Dudley's birthday presents. It looked as though 	Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the second television and the racing bike. 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
39	  with that ridiculous haircut, he'd managed to make it grow back... and the very last time 	Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his revenge, without even realizing he was doing it? Hadn'	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	122
40	  short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left "to hide that horrible scar." 	Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, wher	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
41	 . She told him over dinner all about Mrs. Next Door's problems with her daughter and how 	Dudley had learned a new word ("Won't!"). Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. When Dudley had been 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
42	  here was broken. The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working tank 	Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the corner was Dudley's first-	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	93
43	 . He wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times 	Dudley had punched him on the nose. The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance was a 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
44	 "   Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.   When Aunt Petunia and 	Dudley had run out with their arms over their faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. They could 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	103
45	  for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent because 	Dudley had sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. They were the only things in the 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	96
46	  favorite program had been canceled; there was a large birdcage, which had once held a parrot that 	Dudley had swapped at school for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	95
47	 rry get it."   "Get the mail, Harry."   "Make Dudley get it."   "Poke him with your Smelting stick, 	Dudley."   Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail. Three things lay on the doormat: 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	81
48	  father into getting me one and I'll smuggle it in somehow."   Harry was strongly reminded of 	Dudley.   "Have you got your own broom?" the boy went on.   "No," said Harry.   "Play Quidditch at all?"  	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	127
49	  bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin 	Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
50	 n."   Uncle Vernon chuckled. "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy, 	Dudley!" He ruffled Dudley's hair.   At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
51	  like a rat. He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their backs while 	Dudley hit them. Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.   Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn't 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
52	  and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.   "I was trying to find out how to curse 	Dudley."   "I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	129
53	  weren't looking. This was supposed to be good training for later life.   As he looked at 	Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	75
54	  his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming 	Dudley into his high chair.   None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.   At 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
55	  later, Harry's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the Dursleys' car, Aunt Petunia had talked 	Dudley into sitting next to Harry, and they had set off.   They reached King's Cross at half 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	133
56	  pig's tail poking through a hole in his trousers.   Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and 	Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	125
57	 s outside, knocking to come in.   CHAPTER FOUR   THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS   BOOM. They knocked again. 	Dudley jerked awake. "Where's the cannon?" he said stupidly.   There was a crash behind them and Uncle 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	114
58	 nia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one where Dudley slept, and one where 	Dudley kept all the toys and things that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom. It only took 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	92
59	  the place.   Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother. 	Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
60	 , and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that 	Dudley looked like a baby angel -- Harry often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig.   	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
61	 , fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel -- Harry often said that 	Dudley looked like a pig in a wig.   Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
62	  owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people. Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and 	Dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.   "You must be Harry's family!" said Mrs. Weasley.  	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	138
63	  plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult as there wasn't much room. 	Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents.   His face fell.   "Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
64	  seen him. This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn't want 	Dudley mixing with a child like that.   When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
65	 rnon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.   "This is boring," 	Dudley moaned. He shuffled away.   Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
66	  Brazil?"   As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump.   "	DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT IT'S DOING!"   Dudley 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
67	 . Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second room and made up a bed for 	Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa. She and Uncle Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	110
68	  couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in the back of the Dursleys' car with Piers and 	Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and uncle 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
69	  his father. Uncle Vernon tapped on the glass, but the snake didn't budge.   "Do it again," 	Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.   	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
70	  its envelope.   Harry didn't move.   I WANT MY LETTER!" he shouted.   "Let me see it!" demanded 	Dudley.   "OUT!" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	86
71	  bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though she'd had it for several years.   That evening, 	Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in his brand-new uniform. Smeltings' boys wore maroon	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	74
72	  of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them. Harry and 	Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	88
73	 d and stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons. 	Dudley quickly found the largest snake in the place. It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
74	  didn't dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could, "Their son -- he'd be about 	Dudley's age now, wouldn't he?"   "I suppose so," said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.   "What's his name 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
75	  smaller and skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes of 	Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a thin face, knobbly 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
76	 oorbell rang -- "Oh, good Lord, they're here!" said Aunt Petunia frantically -- and a moment later, 	Dudley's best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
77	 .   Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Harry's heart gave a leap. Every year on 	Dudley's birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
78	   Harry groaned.   "What did you say?" his aunt snapped through the door.   "Nothing, nothing..."   	Dudley's birthday -- how could he have forgotten? Harry got slowly out of bed and started looking for 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
79	  was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table was almost hidden beneath all 	Dudley's birthday presents. It looked as though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
80	  quickly.   Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of 	Dudley's (brown with orange puff balls) -- The harder she tried to pull it over his head, the 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
81	  to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on 	Dudley's computer).   Aunt Petunia looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon.   "And come back and 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
82	 Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated exercise -- unless of course it involved punching somebody. 	Dudley's favorite punching bag was Harry, but he couldn't often catch him. Harry didn't look 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
83	  the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were all quite happy to join in 	Dudley's favorite sport: Harry Hunting.   This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	68
84	 , working tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the corner was 	Dudley's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot through when his favorite program had 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	94
85	  odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with 	Dudley's gang.   CHAPTER THREE   THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE   The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor ear	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	64
86	  hand, he'd gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the school kitchens. 	Dudley's gang had been chasing him as usual when, as much to Harry's surprise as anyone 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
87	  second Harry tried to get a closer look.   At school, Harry had no one. Everybody knew that 	Dudley's gang hated that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	63
88	  and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry... chased by 	Dudley's gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach... dreading going to school with that 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	121
89	  crossed Privet Drive on her crutches.   Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping 	Dudley's gang, who visited the house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were all big 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	66
90	 huckled. "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffled 	Dudley's hair.   At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
91	 's broken her leg. She can't take him." She jerked her head in Harry's direction.   	Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Harry's heart gave a leap. Every year on Dudley'	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
92	  in his life until a month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear 	Dudley's old clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to cheer Ron up.   "... and u	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	134
93	  it had to be so wet."   "DotA be stupid," snapped Aunt Petunia. "I'm dyeing some of 	Dudley's old things gray for you. It'll look just like everyone else's when I've 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	76
94	  really getting a bit big for it... we think it might be nice if you moved into 	Dudley's second bedroom.   "Why?" said Harry.   "Don't ask questions!" snapped his uncle. "Take this stuff	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	90
95	 't sleep. He shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable, his stomach rumbling with hunger. 	Dudley's snores were drowned by the low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. The lighted dial 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	111
96	  snores were drowned by the low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. The lighted dial of 	Dudley's watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist, told Harry 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	112
97	  heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.   "Get the mail, 	Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.   "Make Harry get it."   "Get the mail, Harry."   "Make 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	79
98	 d slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..."   "Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia.   "Oh." 	Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right then."   Uncle Vernon chuckled. "Little	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
99	 ' tea, could yeh? It's not been an easy journey..."   He strode over to the sofa where 	Dudley sat frozen with fear.   "Budge up, yeh great lump," said the stranger.   Dudley squeaked and ran to	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	115
100	  a quiz show on television. He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and 	Dudley screamed and ran from the room.   "Er -- Uncle Vernon?"   Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was liste	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	131
101	 r Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one where 	Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things that wouldn't fit into his 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	91
102	  of a big city. Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets. 	Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing car	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	107
103	  to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.   "Budge up, yeh great lump," said the stranger.   	Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.   "A	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	116
104	  -- but at the moment it didn't look in the mood. In fact, it was fast asleep.   	Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils.   "Make it mo	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
105	 . He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their backs while Dudley hit them. 	Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.   Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn't believe his luck, 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
106	 ver the postcard.   "Marge's ill," he informed Aunt Petunia. "Ate a funny whelk. --."   "Dad!" said 	Dudley suddenly. "Dad, Harry's got something!"   Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	82
107	  right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face.   Harry, who could see a huge 	Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
108	 the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, 	Dudley."   The giant chuckled darkly.   "Yet great puddin' of a son don' need fattenin' anymore, Dursley, 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	118
109	  looked back at the snake and winked, too.   The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and 	Dudley, then raised its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Harry a look that said quite plainly: "I 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
110	 - DUMBLEDOREIN- FRONT- OF- ME!"   He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at 	Dudley -- there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	123
111	  not allowed to use magic at home. I'm going to have a lot of fun with 	Dudley this summer...."   THE END  	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	139
112	  presents while we're out today. How's that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right'' 	Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said slowly, "So I'll have 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
113	  going there too. Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school. 	Dudley thought this was very funny.   "They stuff people's heads down the toilet the first day at 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	71
114	 \x93   Monday. This reminded Harry of something. If it was Monday -- and you could usually count on 	Dudley to know the days the week, because of television -- then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harry's eleventh bi	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	109
115	  ran, before Dudley could work out what he'd said.   One day in July, Aunt Petunia took 	Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs. Figg's. Mrs. Figg wasn 't 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	73
116	  from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him. Uncle Vernon had to wrestle 	Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact that 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	100
117	 't bother."   "Why are you going to London?" Harry asked, trying to keep things friendly.   "Taking 	Dudley to the hospital," growled Uncle Vernon. "Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	132
118	  always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but because no one wanted 	Dudley to think they liked him.   "Finch-Fletchley, Justin!"   "HUFFLEPUFF!"   Sometimes, Harry noticed, t	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	135
119	  stop there. Within seconds it was the grayish white of old porridge.   "P-P-Petunia!" he gasped.   	Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of his 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	83
120	  a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case 	Dudley turned the table over.   Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, "And	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
121	  moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched 	Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
122	  minute to go and he'd be eleven. Thirty seconds... twenty ... ten...   nine -- maybe he'd wake 	Dudley up, just to annoy him -- three... two...   one...   BOOM.   The whole shack shivered and Harry sat 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	113
123	  the new computer he wanted, not to mention the second television and the racing bike. Exactly why 	Dudley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated exercise -- 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
124	  than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes of Dudley's, and 	Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
125	  a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, 	Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain. When 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	124
126	  mutter whenever he did this.   They didn't stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall 	Dudley was howling. He'd never had such a bad day in his life. He was hungry, he'	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	105
127	 d with that letter than up here without it.   Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. 	Dudley was in shock. He'd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	98
128	  briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because 	Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls. "Little tyke," chortled Mr. Dursley 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
129	  FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS   Harry's last month with the Dursleys wasn't fun. True, 	Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	130
130	 wrenched their way through the boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway.   	Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the head for holding them 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	104
131	  heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernon's car, 	Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	61
132	  the house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and stupid, but as 	Dudley was the biggest and stupidest of the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	67
133	  and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to Harry, as 	Dudley was very fat and hated exercise -- unless of course it involved punching somebody. Dudley's favorit	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
134	  stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and Dudley were still in the room. 	Dudley wasn't used to being ignored. He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	85
135	  floor. What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, Piers and 	Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
136	 n! Oh my goodness -- Vernon!"   They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and 	Dudley were still in the room. Dudley wasn't used to being ignored. He gave his father a 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	84
137	  silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all. Even 	Dudley, who never read anything, would have been wild to get his hands on some of these. Hagrid 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	128
138	 . Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; 	Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at 	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	89
139	  day!" she cried, flinging her arms around him.   "I... don't... want... him... t-t-to come!" 	Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs. "He always sp- spoils everything!" He shot Harry a nasty grin th	 Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
