1	  you collect them, don't you?"   As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.   "	Dumbledore again," he said, "He was the first one I ever-"   He gasped. He stared at the back 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	105
2	  and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice. This man's name was Albus 	Dumbledore.   Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
3	 's dangerous. You forget that dog, an' you forget what it's guardin', that's between Professor 	Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel --"   "Aha!" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved, is 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	91
4	  him.   " -- I didn't see you, sir."   "Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said 	Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.   "So," said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	95
5	  and Wizards cards, but Harry couldn't keep his eyes off them. Soon he had not only 	Dumbledore and Morgana, but Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin.   He finall	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	69
6	 e the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.   "Everyone pick their favorite tune," said 	Dumbledore, "and off we go!"   And the school bellowed: "Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts, Teach us so	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	82
7	  right before the Muggles started swarmin' around. He fell asleep as we was flyin' over Bristol."   	Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
8	 since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs."   Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at 	Dumbledore and said, "The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around. You know what 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
9	 , Professor -- a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven, I'd say."   I shall speak to Professor 	Dumbledore and see if we can't bend the first-year rule. Heaven knows, we need a better 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	85
10	 f holding a pair of thick, woolen socks."   Harry stared.   "One can never have enough socks," said 	Dumbledore. "Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	101
11	  comfort.   "Harry, everyone says Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of With 	Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won't touch you. Anyway, who says the centaurs are right? It sounds 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	120
12	  table and tried to ignore the fact that people were standing up to look at him.   Fortunately, 	Dumbledore arrived moments later. The babble died away.   "Another year gone!" Dumbledore said cheerfully. "An	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	163
13	  two weeks and Norbert's going to be as long as your house. Malfoy could go to 	Dumbledore at any moment."   Hagrid bit his lip.   "I -- I know I can't keep him forever, but 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	116
14	 led high with what looked like half the candy shop.   "Tokens from your friends and admirers," said 	Dumbledore, beaming. "What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secr	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	145
15	  under that cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk. I just hope 	Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us up if Bane doesn't stop him. Where's Dumbledore's 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	125
16	  the Potters. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are -- are -- that they're -- dead. \x93   	Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped.   "Lily and James... I can't believe it... I didn't 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
17	  stunned and horrified if he'd just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.   "Which means, 	Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	171
18	 're the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of."   "You flatter me," said 	Dumbledore calmly. "Voldemort had powers I will never have."   "Only because you're too -- well -- noble to us	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
19	  you put that admirable cloak back on and get off to bed?"   Harry stood up.   "Sir -- Professor 	Dumbledore? Can I ask you something?"   "Obviously, you've just done so," Dumbledore smiled. "You may ask me 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	99
20	  times. At last, only the Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march.   	Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they had finished, he was one of 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	83
21	  I have a frog? I might get Agrippa -- thanks Harry turned over his card and read: ALBUS 	DUMBLEDORE CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	64
22	  says you are to be allowed to go," she said stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor 	Dumbledore didn't realize how risky feasts could be. "And you have another visitor."   "Oh, good," said Harry.	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	161
23	 , as though it had been broken at least twice. This man's name was Albus Dumbledore.   Albus 	Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything from his 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
24	  to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid lets 	Dumbledore down."   Harry nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was something he'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	122
25	 id something Snape could never forgive."   "What?"   "He saved his life."   "What?"   "Yes..." said 	Dumbledore dreamily. "Funny, the way people's minds work, isn't it? Professor Snape couldn't bear being 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	153
26	  his own sort, fer a change, an' he'll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had 	Albus Dumbled--"   "I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL To TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!"   yelled Uncle	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
27	  long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice. This man's name was 	Albus Dumbledore.   Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
28	 . "Can I have a frog? I might get Agrippa -- thanks Harry turned over his card and read: 	ALBUS DUMBLEDORE CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times,	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	63
29	  crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice. This man's name was Albus Dumbledore.   	Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything from 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
30	  gold plate. He had only just realized how hungry he was. The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago.   	Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	74
31	 . He looked behind him. Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than 	Albus Dumbledore. Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	93
32	  grinned back. And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair, sat 	Albus Dumbledore. Harry recognized him at once from the card he'd gotten out of the Chocolate Frog 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	71
33	  The Sea. He pulled out the letter and read: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: 	ALBUS DUMBLEDORE (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
34	  gasped.   "Lily and James... I can't believe it... I didn't want to believe it...   Oh, 	Albus..."   Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. "I know... I know..." he said heavily.	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
35	 ng, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the picture was the name 	Albus Dumbledore.   "So this is Dumbledore!" said Harry.   "Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
36	  at all. It was a pair of glasses. How strange.   He blinked again. The smiling face of 	Albus Dumbledore swam into view above him.   "Good afternoon, Harry," said Dumbledore. Harry stared at hi	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	141
37	 too far. Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, "NEVER," he thundered, "- INSULT- 	ALBUS- DUMBLEDOREIN- FRONT- OF- ME!"   He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
38	  twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor 	Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.   Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonish	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	66
39	 l.   "Yes," said Dumbledore. "He'll have that scar forever."   "Couldn't you do something about it, 	Dumbledore?"   "Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself above 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
40	 nistry of Magic?" Harry asked, before he could stop himself.   "'Course," said Hagrid. "They wanted 	Dumbledore fer Minister, 0 ' course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungle	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
41	 e twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out.   "Well," said 	Dumbledore finally, "that's that. We've no business staying here. We may as well go and join 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
42	 , screaming for sweets.   Harry Potter come and live here!"   "It's the best place for him," said 	Dumbledore firmly. "His aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he's older. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
43	  Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles. 	Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden watch from his pocket and examined it. It 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
44	 l song!" cried Dumbledore. Harry noticed that the other teachers' smiles had become rather fixed.   	Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	81
45	  a stoat sandwich, is it?" said Harry anxiously, and at last Hagrid gave a weak chuckle. "Nah. 	Dumbledore gave me the day off yesterday ter fix it. 'Course, he shoulda sacked me instead -- anyway, got 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	162
46	  as head boy."   "How did you know --?"   "I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said 	Dumbledore gently.   "Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?"   Harry shook his head.   "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	97
47	 'll bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense."   "You can't blame them," said 	Dumbledore gently. "We've had precious little to celebrate for eleven years."   "I know that," said Professor 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
48	  his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could read upside down: Dear Professor 	Dumbledore, Given Harry his letter.   Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.   Weather's horrible. Hope you're	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
49	  while, but Snape didn't look at him again.   At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor 	Dumbledore got to his feet again. The hall fell silent.   "Ahern -- just a few more words now that 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	77
50	 abbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.   CHAPTER THIRTEEN   NICOLAS FLAMEL   	Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	103
51	  seventy-two points -- exactly the same as Slytherin. They had tied for the house cup -- if only 	Dumbledore had given Harry just one more point.   Dumbledore raised his hand. The room gradually fell silent. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	168
52	  plate. He had only just realized how hungry he was. The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago.   Albus 	Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	75
53	  inside exploded a rear admiral's hat and several live, white mice. Up at the High Table, 	Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard's hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	92
54	 s smiling. "We only wondered who had done the guarding, really." Hermione went on. "We wondered who 	Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, apart from you."   Hagrid's chest swelled at these last words. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	113
55	  in its mouth. Hagrid was the only one who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray 	Dumbledore.   Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy... never... but -- Harry suddenly jumped t	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	123
56	  looked behind him. Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus 	Dumbledore. Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn't 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	94
57	  prefects, at least."   "And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" cried 	Dumbledore. Harry noticed that the other teachers' smiles had become rather fixed.   Dumbledore gave his wand 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	80
58	  back. And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair, sat Albus 	Dumbledore. Harry recognized him at once from the card he'd gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	72
59	 ain. The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view above him.   "Good afternoon, Harry," said 	Dumbledore. Harry stared at him. Then he remembered: "Sir! The Stone! It was Quirrell! He's got the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	143
60	  impatiently. "What do you see?"   Harry screwed up his courage.   "I see myself shaking hands with 	Dumbledore," he invented. "I -- I've won the house cup for Gryffindor."   Quirrell cursed again.   "Get out of	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	140
61	 d cut, like a bolt of lightning.   "Is that where -?" whispered Professor McGonagall.   "Yes," said 	Dumbledore. "He'll have that scar forever."   "Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?"   "Even if I 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
62	 t of the door. "Even -- blimey -- Dumbledore's come to watch!"   Harry's heart did a somersault.   "	Dumbledore?" he said, dashing to the door to make sure. Fred was right.   There was no mistaking that 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	109
63	 s and marched along corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her. Maybe she was taking him to 	Dumbledore. He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be Hagrid'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	84
64	 ight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors."   She threw a sharp, sideways glance at 	Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
65	  Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall --" he ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an' 	Dumbledore himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor Snape."   "Sn	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	114
66	  asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best; I hear 	Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn't be too bad.... Anyway, we'd better 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	70
67	  ter keep safe -- 'cept maybe Hogwarts. As a matter o' fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway. Fer 	Dumbledore. Hogwarts business." Hagrid drew himself up proudly. "He usually gets me ter do important stuff fer	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
68	 banging his goblet on the table. It was a sickening sight.   "Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said 	Dumbledore. "However, recent events must be taken into account."   The room went very still. The Slytherins' s	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	165
69	  "everyone" was saying, she was not going to believe it until Dumbledore told her it was true. 	Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer.   "What they're saying," she pressed 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
70	 knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them." Harry lay there, lost for words. 	Dumbledore hummed a little and smiled at the ceiling.   "Sir?" said Harry. "I've been thinking... sir -- even 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	148
71	 en into account."   The room went very still. The Slytherins' smiles faded a little.   "Ahem," said 	Dumbledore. "I have a few last-minute points to dish out.   Let me see. Yes...   "First -- to Mr. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	166
72	 -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?"   I would trust Hagrid with my life," said 	Dumbledore.   "I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, "but 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
73	  -- you could have been killed."   "No, it isn't," said Harry thoughtfully. "He's a funny man, 	Dumbledore.   I think he sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he knows more or 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	158
74	 an, but very strict.   "Just five minutes," Harry pleaded.   "Absolutely not."   "You let Professor 	Dumbledore in..."   "Well, of course, that was the headmaster, quite different. You need rest."   "I am restin	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	154
75	  Magic and flew off for London at once."   "He's gone?" said Harry frantically. "Now?"   "Professor 	Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many demands on his time -- "But this is important."   "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	131
76	 DUMBLEDORE CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, 	Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	65
77	 'd read the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here -- listen to this: '	Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	106
78	  have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he really has gone, 	Dumbledore?"   "It certainly seems so," said Dumbledore. "We have much to be thankful for. Would you care for 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
79	  few who did.   "He's not serious?" he muttered to Percy.   "Must be," said Percy, frowning at 	Dumbledore. "It's odd, because he usually gives us a reason why we're not allowed to go 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	79
80	 ? Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore left fer him? I was there! I saw 	Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An' you've kept it from him all these years?"   "Kept what from me?" 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
81	  every syllable trembled with rage.   "You never told him? Never told him what was in the letter 	Dumbledore left fer him? I was there! I saw Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An' you've kept it 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
82	 said, but he wished at once he hadn't, because Professor McGonagall's nostrils flared.   "Professor 	Dumbledore left ten minutes ago," she said coldly. "He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	130
83	  tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me wand in half an' everything. But 	Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man, Dumbledore." "Why were you expelled?"   "It's gettin' late	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
84	  hoping to see a sign pointing them in the right direction. They had never been told where 	Dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.   "We'll just have 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	127
85	  you think they'll believe, him or us? It's not exactly a secret we hate him, 	Dumbledore'll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldn't help us if his 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	118
86	 ill be books written about Harry -- every child in our world will know his name!"   "Exactly," said 	Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his half-moon glasses. "It would be enough to turn 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
87	  giving me books."   It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Harry that 	Dumbledore might not have been quite truthful. But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	102
88	  couldn't kill Harry Potter, Voldemort's power somehow broke -- and that's why he's gone.   	Dumbledore nodded glumly.   "It's -- it's true?" faltered Professor McGonagall. "After all he's done... all th	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
89	  the air and off into the night.   "I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said 	Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.   Dumbledore turned and walked back d	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
90	  touch you for this reason. It was agony to touch a person marked by something so good."   	Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill, which gave Harry time to dry 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	151
91	 ea. He pulled out the letter and read: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: ALBUS 	DUMBLEDORE (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
92	  going through the trapdoor tonight. He's found out everything he needs, and now he's got 	Dumbledore out of the way. He sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	134
93	 o see Professor Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.   "See Professor 	Dumbledore?" Professor McGonagall repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do. "Why?"   Harr	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	129
94	  again. Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet.   Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor 	Dumbledore. Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooke	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	76
95	 . Then he said slowly, "It shows us what we want...   whatever we want..."   "Yes and no," said 	Dumbledore quietly. "It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	98
96	  felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore's smiling face.   "Well done," said 	Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could hear.   "Nice to see you haven't been brooding about that 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	112
97	  got the Stone! Sir, quick --"   "Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said 	Dumbledore. "Quirrell does not have the Stone."   "Then who does? Sir, I --"   "Harry, please relax, or Madam 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	144
98	 . They had tied for the house cup -- if only Dumbledore had given Harry just one more point.   	Dumbledore raised his hand. The room gradually fell silent.   "There are all kinds of courage," said Dumbledor	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	169
99	 .   "Lily and James... I can't believe it... I didn't want to believe it...   Oh, Albus..."   	Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. "I know... I know..." he said heavily.   Professor McGo	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
100	 , "If anything happens to me, don't follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to 	Dumbledore, right?"   "Right," said Ron.   "See you in a minute, I hope...   And Harry let go. Cold, damp 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	136
101	  up, it was too hot.   "Harry, relax, Hermione's right, the Stone's safe as long as 	Dumbledore's around. Anyway, we've never had any proof Snape found out how to get past Fluffy. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	121
102	  into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.   Everyone stared as he reached Professor 	Dumbledore's chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, "Troll -- in the dungeons -- thought you ought to k	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	86
103	 ."   "The whole school's out there!" said Fred Weasley, peering out of the door. "Even -- blimey -- 	Dumbledore's come to watch!"   Harry's heart did a somersault.   "Dumbledore?" he said, dashing to the door 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	108
104	 ders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from 	Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out.   "Well," said Dumbledore finally, "that's that. We've no 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
105	 ?"   "Ah - your father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought you might like it." 	Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "Useful things... your father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	152
106	 mber music and tenpin bowling.   Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that 	Dumbledore's face had disappeared.   "He's gone!"   "Well, you can't expect him to hang around all 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	67
107	 . It's almost like he thought I had the right to face Voldemort if I could...."   "Yeah, 	Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.   "Listen, you've got to be up for 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	159
108	  hope Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us up if Bane doesn't stop him. Where's 	Dumbledore's office?"   They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the right 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	126
109	 h, cold, cruel laugh.   Hagrid was watching him sadly.   "Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on 	Dumbledore's orders. Brought yeh ter this lot..."   "Load of old tosh," said Uncle Vernon. Harry jumped; he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
110	  him at once from the card he'd gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on the train. 	Dumbledore's silver hair was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	73
111	 , white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into 	Dumbledore's smiling face.   "Well done," said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could hear.   "Nice to s	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	111
112	  to him -- an' he killed 'em. Horribly. One o' the only safe places left was Hogwarts. Reckon 	Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of.   Didn't dare try takin' the school, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
113	 e happy."   Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.   "Harry, everyone says 	Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	119
114	 ?" Harry asked.   "Can't tell yeh that," said Hagrid mysteriously. "Very secret. Hogwarts business. 	Dumbledore's trusted me. More'n my job's worth ter tell yeh that."   Griphook held the door 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
115	  all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well."   	Dumbledore's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins.   "I have also been asked by 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	78
116	 int.   There was an uproar. It took several purple firecrackers exploding from the end of Professor 	Dumbledore's wand to bring silence.   "Prefects," he rumbled, "lead your Houses back to the dormitories immedi	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	87
117	  him.   Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later. The babble died away.   "Another year gone!" 	Dumbledore said cheerfully. "And I must trouble you with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	164
118	  closely.   "That seems to be in order."   "An' I've also got a letter here from Professor 	Dumbledore," said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest. "It's about the YouKnow-What in vault seven hund	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
119	  tell anyone, would you? Not even one of the teachers?"   "Not a soul knows except me an' 	Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly.   "Well, that's something," Harry muttered to the others. "Hagrid, can we ha	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	115
120	 lver hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the picture was the name Albus Dumbledore.   "So this is 	Dumbledore!" said Harry.   "Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!" said Ron. "Can I have 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	61
121	  entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy after the grounds.   "We've got to go to 	Dumbledore," said Harry. "Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	124
122	 inside?"   It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.   "We want to see Professor 	Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.   "See Professor Dumbledore?" Professor McG	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	128
123	  Albus Dumbledore.   "So this is Dumbledore!" said Harry.   "Don't tell me you'd never heard of 	Dumbledore!" said Ron. "Can I have a frog? I might get Agrippa -- thanks Harry turned over his card 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	62
124	 ," he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes. I can, can't I?"   "Professor 	Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," she said stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	160
125	 - that someone's going to try and steal the Stone. I've got to talk to Professor 	Dumbledore."   She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion.   "Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorr	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	132
126	 , and then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course. But how is the boy getting here, 	Dumbledore?" She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.   "Hagr	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
127	  photos."   "Do they? What, they don't move at all?" Ron sounded amazed. "weird!"   Harry stared as 	Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and gave him a small smile. Ron was more 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	68
128	  to know, if you can tell me... things I want to know the truth about...."   "The truth." 	Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	149
129	  stop him from killing me. But why would he want to kill me in the first place?"   	Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time.   "Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. Not 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	150
130	 ery muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his bike back. G'night, Professor McGonagall -- Professor 	Dumbledore, sir."   Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle a	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
131	 ore, sounding relieved. "At last. And where did you get that motorcycle?"   "Borrowed it, Professor 	Dumbledore, sit," said the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke. "Young Sirius Black lent 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
132	  Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. 	Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
133	  can make you," said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.   "So," said 	Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, "you, like hundreds before you, have 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	96
134	 ?"   "They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, yes, they will die."   	Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Harry's face.   "To one as young as you, I'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	147
135	 d up.   "Sir -- Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you something?"   "Obviously, you've just done so," 	Dumbledore smiled. "You may ask me one more thing, however."   "What do you see when you look in 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	100
136	 umbledore raised his hand. The room gradually fell silent.   "There are all kinds of courage," said 	Dumbledore, smiling. "It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	170
137	 ooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the picture was the name Albus 	Dumbledore.   "So this is Dumbledore!" said Harry.   "Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!" said 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	60
138	 d?" said Harry blankly. "But your friend -- Nicolas Flamel --"   "Oh, you know about Nicolas?" said 	Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.   "You did do the thing properly, didn't you? Well, Nicolas and I have 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	146
139	 ike baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets.   "Hagrid," said 	Dumbledore, sounding relieved. "At last. And where did you get that motorcycle?"   "Borrowed it, Professor Dum	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
140	 , Hagrid, or we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as 	Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. He laid Harry gently on 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
141	  all. It was a pair of glasses. How strange.   He blinked again. The smiling face of Albus 	Dumbledore swam into view above him.   "Good afternoon, Harry," said Dumbledore. Harry stared at him. Then he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	142
142	 -Who never tried to get 'em on his side before... probably knew they were too close ter 	Dumbledore ter want anythin' ter do with the Dark Side.   "Maybe he thought he could persuade 'em... maybe 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
143	  of adventure was kindling again in Ron's eyes, but Hermione answered before Harry could.   "Go to 	Dumbledore. That's what we should have done ages ago. If we try anything ourselves we'll be 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	117
144	 ble were beside themselves -- they were a hundred points up. "Third -- to Mr. Harry Potter..." said 	Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	167
145	 's gone?" said Ron finally. "Flamel's just going to die?"   "That's what I said, but 	Dumbledore thinks that -- what was it? -- 'to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	156
146	  but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving around the edge. It must have made sense to 	Dumbledore, though, because he put it back in his pocket and said, "Hagrid's late. I suppose it 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
147	 irror is the key to finding the Stone," Quirrell murmured, tapping his way around the frame. "Trust 	Dumbledore to come up with something like this... but he's in London... I'll be far away 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	139
148	  -- bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las' year -- I lent him to 	Dumbledore to guard the "Yes?" said Harry eagerly.   "Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly. "That'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	90
149	  Ron had finished. "The dog must be guarding Flamel's Sorcerer's Stone! I bet he asked 	Dumbledore to keep it safe for him, because they're friends and he knew someone was after it, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	107
150	  now. It was plain that whatever "everyone" was saying, she was not going to believe it until 	Dumbledore told her it was true. Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer.   "W	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
151	  anxious.   "I never expected this," he said, in a low, worried voice. "I had no idea, when 	Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin' hold of yeh, how much yeh didn't know. Ah, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
152	  map of the London Underground. Well -- give him here, Hagrid -- we'd better get this over with."   	Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys' house.   "Could I -- could I say good-	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
153	 fessor McGonagall," said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.   	Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he stopped and took out the silver 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
154	  way. He sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when 	Dumbledore turns up."   "But what can we --"   Hermione gasped. Harry and Ron wheeled round.   Snape was stand	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	135
155	 , she said. "I know he's not very nice, but he wouldn't try and steal something 	Dumbledore was keeping safe."   "Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,"   snappe	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	89
156	 rents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter.   "You see, 	Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said Ron, when Harry told him about these drearns.   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	104
157	  in as his head was still very sore.   "Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to -- 	Dumbledore was so worried --"   "The whole school's talking about it," said Ron. "What really happened?"   It 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	155
158	  was safe. There was simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if 	Dumbledore was watching.   Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched onto the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	110
159	 't do it again. Funny, really... he needn't have bothered. I couldn't do anything with 	Dumbledore watching. All the other teachers thought Snape was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did m	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	138
160	  found out about us all. I suppose he really has gone, Dumbledore?"   "It certainly seems so," said 	Dumbledore. "We have much to be thankful for. Would you care for a lemon drop?"   "A what?"   "A 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
161	  stop him... but how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?"   "We can only guess," said 	Dumbledore. "We may never know."   Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
162	  you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to 	Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while, but I'm 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	137
163	  brought Ron round -- that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact 	Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he just said, 'Harry's gone 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	157
164	 g to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort." Professor McGonagall flinched, but 	Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice. "It all gets so confusing if we 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
165	  snapped me wand in half an' everything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man, 	Dumbledore." "Why were you expelled?"   "It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
166	 o talk to Professor Dumbledore."   She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion.   "Professor 	Dumbledore will be back tomorrow," she said finally. I don't know how you found out about the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	133
167	 ars could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win Gryffindor five points. Professor 	Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go."   They hurried out of the chamber and didn't 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	88
168	  Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts 	Dumbledore with owls every morning, askin' fer advice."   "But what does a Ministry of Magic do?"   "Well, the	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
169	  cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed 	Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now. It was plain that whatever "everyone" was saying, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
170	 ple who live here?" cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four.   "	Dumbledore -- you can't. I've been watching them all day. You couldn't find two people who 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
171	 tter."   "A letter?" repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. "Really, 	Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter? These people will never understand him! He'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
