1	 ere was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.   Harry groped for the doorknob -- between 	Filch and death, he'd take Filch.   They fell backward -- Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
2	 ? Well, they can't be far, we'll catch them."   Harry stood rooted to the spot as 	Filch and Snape came around the corner ahead. They couldn't see him, of course, but it was 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
3	  ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi. His panic fading now that there was no sound of 	Filch and Snape, Harry moved nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
4	  here to be punished, after all."   "That's why yer late, is it?" said Hagrid, frowning at 	Filch. "Bin lecturin' them, eh? 'Snot your place ter do that. Yeh've done yer bit, I'll 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
5	 an hour already. All right, Harry, Hermione?"   "I shouldn't be too friendly to them, Hagrid," said 	Filch coldly, they're here to be punished, after all."   "That's why yer late, is it?" said 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
6	  didn't say please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!" And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing away and 	Filch cursing in rage.   "He thinks this door is locked," Harry whispered. "I think we'll be okay -- 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
7	 , away from Filch's voice. Neville's robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard 	Filch enter the trophy room.   "They're in here somewhere," they heard him mutter, "probably hiding."   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
8	 't feel like a very good omen. In their nervous state, every statue's shadow looked like 	Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping down on them. At the foot of the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
9	 've done yer bit, I'll take over from here."   "I'll be back at dawn," said 	Filch, "for what's left of them," he added nastily, and he turned and started back toward the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
10	 . Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning. 	Filch found them trying to force their way through a door that unluckily turned out to be the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
11	 , petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. They could hear 	Filch getting nearer. Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run -he tripped, grab	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
12	  the idea of Harry being out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row ("If 	Filch had caught you!"), and disappointment that he hadn't at least found out who Nicolas Flamel was.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
13	  screech, "GOT YOUR CONK!"   Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus 	Filch. Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
14	  of Harry's robe and made a choking noise.   "That's your problem, isn't it?" said 	Filch, his voice cracking with glee. "Should've thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble, sho	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
15	  see the lighted windows of Hagrid's hut. Then they heard a distant shout.   "Is that you, 	Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get started."   Harry's heart rose; if they were going to be 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
16	  what seemed an age, she turned and left.   "This isn't safe -- she might have gone for 	Filch, I bet she heard us.   Come on."   And Ron pulled Harry out of the room.   The snow 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
17	  wee student beastie?"   He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.   "Should call 	Filch, I should, if something's a-creeping around unseen."   Harry had a sudden idea.   "Peeves," he said	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
18	 , naughty, you'll get caughty."   "Not if you don't give us away, Peeves, please."   "Should tell 	Filch, I should," said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his eyes glittered wickedly. "It's for your 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
19	  the corridor outside -- stuffing the shrieking book back on the shelf, he ran for it. He passed 	Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
20	 . They were all the same: Your detention will take place at eleven o'clock tonight. Meet Mr. 	Filch in the entrance hall.   Professor McGonagall Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do in	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
21	 ," Hermione said to Harry. "You realize that, don't you? He was never going to meet you -- 	Filch knew someone was going to be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off."   Harry 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
22	  out of line, and she'd whisk off for Filch, who'd appear, wheezing, two seconds later. 	Filch knew the secret passageways of the school better than anyone (except perhaps the Weasley twins) and	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
23	 o was Malfoy. Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention, too.   "Follow me," said 	Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them outside.   I bet you'll think twice about breaking a school 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
24	 ll backward -- Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor. 	Filch must have hurried off to look for them somewhere else, because they didn't see him anywhere, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
25	  in the library Restricted Section."   Harry felt the blood drain out of his face. Wherever he was, 	Filch must know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
26	  how to block them."   There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by 	Filch or Mrs. Norris, and Harry felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another school rule today. On 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
27	  striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows. At every turn Harry expected to run into 	Filch or Mrs. Norris, but they were lucky. They sped up a staircase to the third floor and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
28	 ening to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing.   	Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature with bulging, lamp like eyes just 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
29	  pushed helplessly at the door, "We're done for! This is the end!" They could hear footsteps, 	Filch running as fast as he could toward Peeves's shouts.   "Oh, move over," Hermione snarled. She grabbe	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
30	  answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs. As they stepped into the corridor, 	Filch's face loomed suddenly out of the darkness.   "Well, well, well," he whispered, "we are in trouble.	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
31	  Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under 	Filch's outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book's shrieks still ringing in his 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
32	  the shrieking book back on the shelf, he ran for it. He passed Filch in the doorway; 	Filch's pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch's outstretched arm and	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
33	  a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature with bulging, lamp like eyes just like 	Filch's. She patrolled the corridors alone. Break a rule in front of her, put just one toe 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
34	 other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from 	Filch's voice. Neville's robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
35	  with Hagrid it wouldn't be so bad. His relief must have showed in his -face, because 	Filch said, "I suppose you think you'll be enjoying yourself with that oaf? Well, think again, boy -- 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
36	  towered over the three of them.   "I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. 	Filch says you were up in the astronomy tower. It's one o'clock in the morning. Explain 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
37	  just got a bad feeling about it -- and anyway, you've had too many close shaves already. 	Filch, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are wandering around. So what if they can't see you? What if 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
38	  it wasn't Malfoy.   "Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner."   It was 	Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris. Horror-struck, Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him as 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
39	 'd better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of us -- if 	Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own --"   "What are you doing?" said a voice 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
40	  twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins.   "I have also been asked by Mr. 	Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
41	 hose thunderous growls meant.   Harry groped for the doorknob -- between Filch and death, he'd take 	Filch.   They fell backward -- Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
42	  said.   "You are not."   "D'you think I'm going to stand out here and wait for 	Filch to catch me? If he finds all three of us I'll tell him the truth, that 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
43	 on top of the tower.   CHAPTER FIFTEEN   THE FORIBIDDEN FOREST   Things couldn't have been worse.   	Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall's study on the first floor, where they sat and waited 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
44	  good-bye to Ron in the common room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. 	Filch was already there -- and so was Malfoy. Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
45	 !" Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether 	Filch was following -- they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
46	 , alone. Snape was holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. 	Filch was handing Snape bandages.   "Blasted thing*," Snape was saying. "How are you supposed to keep you	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
47	 , shut it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.   "Which way did they go, Peeves?" 	Filch was saying. "Quick, tell me."   "Say 'please."' "Don't mess with me, Peeves, now where did they 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
48	 . He pushed the door ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.   Snape and 	Filch were inside, alone. Snape was holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs was bloody 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
49	  in front of her, put just one toe out of line, and she'd whisk off for 	Filch, who'd appear, wheezing, two seconds later. Filch knew the secret passageways of the school better 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
50	  as he stood there in the dark and silence. He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and 	Filch would never know.   Ron grunted in his sleep. Should Harry wake him? Something held him back -- his	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
51	 ing. Harry wondered what their punishment was going to be. It must be something really horrible, or 	Filch wouldn't be sounding so delighted.   The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throwi	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
52	  exactly a secret we hate him, Dumbledore'll think we made it up to get him sacked. 	Filch wouldn't help us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with Snape, and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
