1	  wondered aloud. "If you're going to be cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it?"   "It is," 	Firenze agreed, "unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else -- something that	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
2	 f the clearing. Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty.   "	Firenze!" Bane thundered. "What are you doing? You have a human on your back! Have you no shame? 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
3	 , so that Harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on.   "Do you not see that unicorn?" 	Firenze bellowed at Bane. "Do you not understand why it was killed? Or have the planets not let 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
4	 's question. They made their way through the trees in silence for so long that Harry thought 	Firenze didn't want to talk to him anymore. They were passing through a particularly dense patch of 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
5	  this time -- especially for you. Can you ride? It will be quicker this way.   "My name is 	Firenze," he added, as he lowered himself on to his front legs so that Harry could clamber onto 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
6	  -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk. I just hope Dumbledore believes us. 	Firenze might back us up if Bane doesn't stop him. Where's Dumbledore's office?"   They looked 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
7	  unicorn's dead, Hagrid, it's in that clearing back there."   "This is where I leave you," 	Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn. "You are safe now."   Harry slid off his 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
8	  tail hair in Potions."   "That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn," said 	Firenze. "Only one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain, would commit such a crime. The 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
9	 , a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips."   Harry stared at the back of 	Firenze's head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.   "But who'd be that desperate?" he wondered 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
10	 on in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.   Harry wasn't listening.   "	Firenze saved me, but he shouldn't have done so.... Bane was furious...   he was talking about interfering 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
11	  the planets say is going to happen.... They must show that Voldemort's coming back.... Bane thinks 	Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.... I suppose that's written in the stars as well."   "Will 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
12	  on.   "Why's Bane so angry?" he asked. "What was that thing you saved me from, anyway?"   	Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep his head bowed in case of low-hanging branches, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
13	  foretold! It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest!"   	Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Harry had to grab his shoulders 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
14	 o talk to him anymore. They were passing through a particularly dense patch of trees, however, when 	Firenze suddenly stopped.   "Harry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used -for?"   "No," said Harry	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
15	 amine the unicorn. "You are safe now."   Harry slid off his back.   "Good luck, Harry Potter," said 	Firenze. "The planets have been read wrongly before now, even by centaurs. I hope this is one of 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
16	  back! Have you no shame? Are you a common mule?"   "Do you realize who this is?" said 	Firenze. "This is the Potter boy. The quicker he leaves this forest, the better."   "What have you been 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
17	  is to come in the movements of the planets?"   Ronan pawed the ground nervously. "I'm sure 	Firenze thought he was acting for the best, " he said in his gloomy voice.   Bane kicked his back 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
18	 er he leaves this forest, the better."   "What have you been telling him?" growled Bane. "Remember, 	Firenze, we are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read what is to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
19	  against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must."   And 	Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, leaving 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
