1	 forget that dog, an' you forget what it's guardin', that's between Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas 	Flamel --"   "Aha!" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved, is there?"   Hagrid lo	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
2	 as?" said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.   "You did do the thing properly, didn't you? Well, 	Nicolas and I have had a little chat, and agreed it's all for the best."   "But that 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
3	  Harry's face.   "To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to 	Nicolas and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long day. After all, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
4	 . "An' what're you lot up ter?" He looked suddenly suspicious. "Yer not still lookin' fer Nicolas 	Flamel, are yeh?" "Oh, we found out who he is ages ago," said Ron impressively. "And we know 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
5	  ages away."   "Ten weeks," Hermione snapped. "That's not ages, that's like a second to Nicolas 	Flamel."   "But we're not six hundred years old," Ron reminded her. "Anyway, what are you studying for, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
6	 shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.   CHAPTER THIRTEEN   NICOLAS 	FLAMEL   Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
7	 . You forget that dog, an' you forget what it's guardin', that's between Professor Dumbledore an' 	Nicolas Flamel --"   "Aha!" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved, is there?"   Ha	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
8	  once. "An' what're you lot up ter?" He looked suddenly suspicious. "Yer not still lookin' fer 	Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?" "Oh, we found out who he is ages ago," said Ron impressively. "And we 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
9	  are ages away."   "Ten weeks," Hermione snapped. "That's not ages, that's like a second to 	Nicolas Flamel."   "But we're not six hundred years old," Ron reminded her. "Anyway, what are you studying 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
10	 , as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.   CHAPTER THIRTEEN   	NICOLAS FLAMEL   Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
11	  discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, 	Nicolas Flamel'!"   Hermione jumped to her feet. She hadn't looked so excited since they'd gotten back 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
12	 between Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel --"   "Aha!" said Harry, "so there's someone called 	Nicolas Flamel involved, is there?"   Hagrid looked furious with himself.   CHAPTER TWELVE   THE MIRROR OF 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
13	  it. It's nothin' to you what that dog's guardin'."   "We just want to know who 	Nicolas Flamel is, that's all," said Hermione.   "Unless you'd like to tell us and save us 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
14	 d. As for the Stone, it has been destroyed."   "Destroyed?" said Harry blankly. "But your friend -- 	Nicolas Flamel --"   "Oh, you know about Nicolas?" said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.   "You did do	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
15	  discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, 	Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.   Harry turned the card back 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
16	  knew it! I knew it!"   "Are we allowed to speak yet?" said Ron grumpily. Hermione ignored him.   "	Nicolas Flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known maker of the Sorcerer's Stone!"   This didn	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
17	  the Sorcerer's Stone over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. 	Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six hundred and sixty-f	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
18	  row ("If Filch had caught you!"), and disappointment that he hadn't at least found out who 	Nicolas Flamel was.   They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li- brary book, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
19	  keen, aren't yeh?"   "Oh, we're not working," Harry told him brightly. "Ever since you mentioned 	Nicolas Flamel we've been trying to find out who he is."   "You what?" Hagrid looked shocked. "Listen 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
20	  of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas 	Flamel'!"   Hermione jumped to her feet. She hadn't looked so excited since they'd gotten back the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
21	 . Then he looked up at Ron and Hermione.   "I've found him!" he whispered. "I've found 	Flamel! I told you I'd read the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
22	  at least found out who Nicolas Flamel was.   They had almost given up hope of ever finding 	Flamel in a li- brary book, even though Harry was still sure he'd read the name somewhere.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
23	 . "No wonder Snape's after it! Anyone would want it."   "And no wonder we couldn't find 	Flamel in that Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry," said Ron. "He's not exactly recent if he'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
24	 Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel --"   "Aha!" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas 	Flamel involved, is there?"   Hagrid looked furious with himself.   CHAPTER TWELVE   THE MIRROR OF ERISED 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
25	  me an owl if you find anything."   "And you could ask your parents if they know who 	Flamel is," said Ron.   "It'd be safe to ask them."   "Very safe, as they're both dentists," 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
26	 . It's nothin' to you what that dog's guardin'."   "We just want to know who Nicolas 	Flamel is, that's all," said Hermione.   "Unless you'd like to tell us and save us the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
27	 . He had seen his parents and would be seeing them again tonight. He had almost forgotten about 	Flamel. It didn't seem very important anymore. Who cared what the three headed dog was guarding? What 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
28	  to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to begin, not knowing what 	Flamel might have done to get himself into a book. He wasn't in Great Wizards of the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
29	 r the Stone, it has been destroyed."   "Destroyed?" said Harry blankly. "But your friend -- Nicolas 	Flamel --"   "Oh, you know about Nicolas?" said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.   "You did do the th	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
30	  of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas 	Flamel. Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.   Harry turned the card back over an	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
31	 as under Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud.   "So the Stone's gone?" said Ron finally. "	Flamel's just going to die?"   "That's what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that -- what was it? -- '	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
32	 grid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.   They had indeed been searching books for 	Flamel's name ever since Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
33	 nd fifty-eight).   "See?" said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished. "The dog must be guarding 	Flamel's Sorcerer's Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it safe for him, because they'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
34	 d."   "Destroyed?" said Harry blankly. "But your friend -- Nicolas Flamel --"   "Oh, you know about 	Nicolas?" said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.   "You did do the thing properly, didn't you? Well, Ni	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
35	 t! I knew it!"   "Are we allowed to speak yet?" said Ron grumpily. Hermione ignored him.   "Nicolas 	Flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known maker of the Sorcerer's Stone!"   This didn't have	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
36	 rcerer's Stone over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas 	Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six hundred and sixty-fifth bi	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
37	  the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time to think much about 	Flamel. They had the dormitory to themselves and the common room was far emptier than usual, so they 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
38	 , Ron, and Hermione had already agreed they'd better not ask Madam Pince where they could find 	Flamel. They were sure she'd be able to tell them, but they couldn't risk Snape hearing 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
39	  come round my house this summer. Anyway, maybe it only shows dead people. Shame about not finding 	Flamel, though. Have some bacon or something, why aren't you eating anything?"   Harry couldn't eat. He 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
40	  able to read as long as he liked, as long as it took to find out who 	Flamel was.   He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he walked.   The library was 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
41	  ("If Filch had caught you!"), and disappointment that he hadn't at least found out who Nicolas 	Flamel was.   They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li- brary book, even 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
42	  at random. Harry wandered over to the Restricted Section. He had been wondering for a while if 	Flamel wasn't somewhere in there. Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the teache	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
43	  aren't yeh?"   "Oh, we're not working," Harry told him brightly. "Ever since you mentioned Nicolas 	Flamel we've been trying to find out who he is."   "You what?" Hagrid looked shocked. "Listen here -- 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
44	 tone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. 	Flamel, who celebrated his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
