1	 und her. Harry noticed that she seemed to be speaking particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus 	Flint, a sixth year. Harry thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
2	  Harry holding on for dear life.   "Foul!" screamed the Gryffindors.   Madam Hooch spoke angrily to 	Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor. But in all the confusion, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
3	  was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand.   "Did something happen to it when 	Flint blocked him?" Seamus whispered.   "Can't have," Hagrid said, his voice shaking. "Can't nothing inte	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
4	 r, Dean," Ron reminded him.   Hagrid, however, was on Dean's side.   "They oughta change the rules. 	Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air."   Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.   "So	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
5	 therins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- 	Flint flying like an eagle up there -- he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent move 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
6	 serve -- back to Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus 	Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- Flint flying like an eagle up there -- he's going 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
7	  on an extra spurt of speed -- WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus 	Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry's broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
8	 med to be speaking particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a sixth year. Harry thought 	Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out of the corner of his eye 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
9	   "I mean, after that open and revolting foul 'Jordan, I'm warning you --"   "All right, all right. 	Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
10	  the Gryffindors take the Quaffle -- that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around 	Flint, off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
11	 ill. They dropped lower and circled beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell.   Marcus 	Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.   "Come on, Hermione," Ron mutter	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
12	 .   "All right there, Harry?" he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus 	Flint.   "Slytherin in possession," Lee Jordan was saying, "Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
13	  head, and the game ended in complete confusion.   "He didn't catch it, he nearly swallowed it," 	Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Harry hadn't broken any rules 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
14	 ing movements that almost unseated him.   Lee was still commentating.   "Slytherin in possession -- 	Flint with the Quaffle -- passes Spinnet -- passes Bell -- hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
