1	 . "Snape came out and asked me what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for 	Flitwick, and Snape went to get him, and I've only just got away, I don't know 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
2	 woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the corridors. Even better, Professor 	Flitwick announced in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly, something they had	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
3	  suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig."   Before Ron could answer, Professor 	Flitwick appeared at Malfoy's elbow.   "Not arguing, I hope, boys?" he squeaked.   "Potter's been sent a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
4	 been sent a broomstick, Professor," said Malfoy quickly.   "Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor 	Flitwick, beaming at Harry.   "Professor McGonagall told me all about the special circumstances, Potter. And	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
5	  which had been bewitched with an AntiCheating spell.   They had practical exams as well. Professor 	Flitwick called them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
6	 rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.   "Oh, well done!" cried Professor 	Flitwick, clapping. "Everyone see here, Miss Granger's done it!"   Ron was in a very bad mood by 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
7	 stopped outside a classroom. She opened the door and poked her head inside.   "Excuse me, Professor 	Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?"   Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
8	  his pointed wizard's hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor 	Flitwick had just read him.   Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. Percy nearly broke his teeth o	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
9	  all around the walls.   Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like 	Flitwick, he paused at Harry's name.   "Ah, Yes," he said softly, "Harry Potter. Our new -- celebrity."   Dr	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
10	  pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know." He put on a high voice, "'Oh Professor 	Flitwick, I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong....'\x93   "Oh, shut up," said 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
11	 . "What do you reckon's next?"   "We've had Sprout's, that was the Devil's Snare; 	Flitwick must've put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leave	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
12	 arrived.   "Now, don't forget that nice wrist movement we've been practicing!"   squeaked Professor 	Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as usual. "Swish and flick, remember, swish and flick. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
13	 wed Fluffy from me... then some o' the teachers did enchantments...   Professor Sprout -- Professor 	Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall --" he ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an' Dumbledor	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
14	  dying to try since they'd seen him make Neville's toad zoom around the classroom. Professor 	Flitwick put the class into pairs to practice. Harry's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which was a relief, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
15	 reepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.   Snape, like 	Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harry's name.   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
16	  scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.   Professor 	Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
17	  get caught, you two will be expelled, too."   "Not if I can help it," said Hermione grimly. "	Flitwick told me in secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam. They're 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
18	  them followed Hagrid and his tree off to -the Great Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor 	Flitwick were busy with the Christmas decorations.   "Ah, Hagrid, the last tree -- put it in the far corner,	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
19	  be in the library."   "Oh yeah, you're right," said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor 	Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was trailing them over the branches of 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
20	  do that."   "Why me?"   "It's obvious," said Ron. "You can pretend to be waiting for Professor 	Flitwick, you know." He put on a high voice, "'Oh Professor Flitwick, I'm so worried, I think 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
