1	 , everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase 	Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because they'd stolen his prefect badge.   It had been Harry'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
2	  -- why did Snape hate him so much? "Cheer up,"   said Ron, "Snape's always taking points off 	Fred and George. Can I come and meet Hagrid with you?"   At five to three they left the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
3	  one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week. See you."   	Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabb	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
4	  owe you one!"   Only Ron stood by him.   "They'll all forget this in a few weeks. 	Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time they've been here, and people 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
5	  already left -- Bill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now Percy's a prefect. 	Fred and George mess around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks they'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
6	  as if to say, "Or else."   "Right. It's time. Good luck, all of you."   Harry followed 	Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his knees weren't going to give way, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
7	  really Harry Potter?" Ron blurted out.   Harry nodded.   "Oh -well, I thought it might be one of 	Fred and George's jokes," said Ron. "And have you really got -- you know..."   He pointed at Harry'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
8	  about showing Slytherin! Everyone's waiting for you in the common room, we're having a party, 	Fred and George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens."   "Never mind that now," said Harry breat	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
9	 a down there."   "Right," mumbled Ron.   "Harry," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves? 	Fred and George Weasley. And this is Ron, our brother. See you later, then.   "Bye," said Harry and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
10	  already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground. Harry had heard 	Fred and George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
11	  training next week," said Harry. "Only don't tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a secret."   	Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry, and hurried over.   "Well done," said Geo	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
12	  his father? Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and 	Fred and George Weasley bounded in. Harry stuffed the cloak quickly out of sight. He didn't feel 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
13	 uirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your friends Misters 	Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to send you a toilet seat. No doubt they thought 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
14	 t with anyone else yet.   "Merry Christmas!"   "Hey, look -- Harry's got a Weasley sweater, too!"   	Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on it, the other a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
15	 th their little plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside. Harry pulled a wizard cracker with 	Fred and it didn't just bang, it went off with a blast like a cannon and engulfed 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
16	 ne of the red-haired twins he'd followed through the barrier.   "Yes, please," Harry panted.   "Oy, 	Fred! C'mere and help!"   With the twins' help, Harry's trunk was at last tucked away in 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
17	  turning red. Then, to his relief, a voice came floating in through the train's open door.   "	Fred? George? Are you there?"   "Coming, Mom."   With a last look at Harry, the twins hopped off the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
18	 .   "So we've just got to try on the hat!" Ron whispered to Harry. "I'll kill 	Fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll."   Harry. smiled weakly. Yes, trying on the hat was 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
19	  large yellow F on it, the other a G.   "Harry's is better than ours, though," said 	Fred, holding up Harry's sweater. "She obviously makes more of an effort if you're not family."   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
20	 , Ginny, and the poor boy isn't something you goggle at in a zoo. Is he really, 	Fred? How do you know?"   "Asked him. Saw his scar. It's really there - like lightning."   "Poor dear - 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
21	  had cleared away, the boy had vanished.   "Fred, you next," the plump woman said.   "I'm not 	Fred, I'm George," said the boy. "Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother? CarA you tell I'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
22	  You-Know-Who looks like?"   Their mother suddenly became very stern.   "I forbid you to ask him, 	Fred. No, don't you dare. As though he needs reminding of that on his first day at 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
23	  off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a second Bludger -- sent his way by 	Fred or George Weasley, can't tell which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
24	 .   "How exactly do they sort us into houses?" he asked Ron.   "Some sort of test, I think. 	Fred said it hurts a lot, but I think he was joking."   Harry's heart gave a horrible 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
25	  call yourself our mother? CarA you tell I'm George?"   "Sorry, George, dear."   "Only joking, I am 	Fred," said the boy, and off he went. His twin called after him to hurry up, and he 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
26	 ten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which 	Fred seized.   "P for prefect! Get it on, Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even Harry 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
27	 .   "The one we've all been waiting for," said George.   "We know Oliver's speech by heart," 	Fred told Harry, "we were on the team last year."   "Shut up, you two," said Wood. "This is 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
28	 atch!"   Harry's heart did a somersault.   "Dumbledore?" he said, dashing to the door to make sure. 	Fred was right.   There was no mistaking that silver beard.   Harry could have laughed out loud with rel	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
29	  -- Beaters."   "I tell you, we're going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,"   said 	Fred. "We haven't won since Charlie left, but this year's team is going to be brilliant. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
30	  decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and 	Fred Weasley came chasing after it.   "All right there, Harry?" he had time to yell, as he beat 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
31	 Finish the game before Snape can favor Hufflepuff too much."   "The whole school's out there!" said 	Fred Weasley, peering out of the door. "Even -- blimey -- Dumbledore's come to watch!"   Harry's heart d	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
32	  to use magic over the holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said 	Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
33	 men," said Chaser Angelina Johnson.   "And women," Wood agreed. "This is it."   "The big one," said 	Fred Weasley.   "The one we've all been waiting for," said George.   "We know Oliver's speech by 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
34	  front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.   "	Fred, you next," the plump woman said.   "I'm not Fred, I'm George," said the boy. "Honestly, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
