1	  too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and 	George all over Gryffindor tower because they'd stolen his prefect badge.   It had been Harry's best 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
2	  red. Then, to his relief, a voice came floating in through the train's open door.   "Fred? 	George? Are you there?"   "Coming, Mom."   With a last look at Harry, the twins hopped off the train.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
3	  Snape hate him so much? "Cheer up,"   said Ron, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and 	George. Can I come and meet Hagrid with you?"   At five to three they left the castle and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
4	  head, knocking his glasses askew.   "And you're not sitting with the prefects today, either," said 	George. "Christmas is a time for family."   They frog-marched Percy from the room, his arms pinned to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
5	  said the boy. "Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother? CarA you tell I'm George?"   "Sorry, 	George, dear."   "Only joking, I am Fred," said the boy, and off he went. His twin called after 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
6	  makes more of an effort if you're not family."   "Why aren't you wearing yours, Ron?" 	George demanded. "Come on, get it on, they're lovely and warm."   "I hate maroon," Ron moaned halfheartedl	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
7	  she's not in it," said Ron. He threw his wand back into his trunk. "Stupid spell -- 	George gave it to me, bet he knew it was a dud."   "What house are your brothers in?" 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
8	  the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week. See you."   Fred and 	George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
9	  one!"   Only Ron stood by him.   "They'll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and 	George have lost loads of points in all the time they've been here, and people still like 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
10	 red and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry, and hurried over.   "Well done," said 	George in a low voice. "Wood told us. We're on the team too -- Beaters."   "I tell you, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
11	  -- Bill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now Percy's a prefect. Fred and 	George mess around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks they're really 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
12	  moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.   "You haven't got a letter on yours," 	George observed. "I suppose she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid -- we 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
13	 't, Ginny, we'll send you loads of owls."   "We'll send you a Hogwarts toilet seat."   "	George!"   "Only joking, Mom."   The train began to move. Harry saw the boys' mother waving and their sist	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
14	  to say, "Or else."   "Right. It's time. Good luck, all of you."   Harry followed Fred and 	George out of the locker room and, hoping his knees weren't going to give way, walked onto 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
15	  like chocolate and peppermint and mar- malade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe. 	George reckons he had a boogerflavored one once."   Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
16	  Potter?" Ron blurted out.   Harry nodded.   "Oh -well, I thought it might be one of Fred and 	George's jokes," said Ron. "And have you really got -- you know..."   He pointed at Harry's forehead.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
17	 , the boy had vanished.   "Fred, you next," the plump woman said.   "I'm not Fred, I'm 	George," said the boy. "Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother? CarA you tell I'm George?"   "Sorry	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
18	 'm George," said the boy. "Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother? CarA you tell I'm 	George?"   "Sorry, George, dear."   "Only joking, I am Fred," said the boy, and off he went. His twin 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
19	  Slytherin! Everyone's waiting for you in the common room, we're having a party, Fred and 	George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens."   "Never mind that now," said Harry breathlessly. "L	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
20	  going to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin."   The rest of the team landed next to 	George to complain, too.   "It's not my fault," said Wood. "We've just got to make sure 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
21	  is it."   "The big one," said Fred Weasley.   "The one we've all been waiting for," said 	George.   "We know Oliver's speech by heart," Fred told Harry, "we were on the team last year."   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
22	 ere."   "Right," mumbled Ron.   "Harry," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves? Fred and 	George Weasley. And this is Ron, our brother. See you later, then.   "Bye," said Harry and Ron. The 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
23	 ? Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and Fred and 	George Weasley bounded in. Harry stuffed the cloak quickly out of sight. He didn't feel like sharing 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
24	  the goal posts, but he's blocked by a second Bludger -- sent his way by Fred or 	George Weasley, can't tell which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in posses	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
25	 , and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground. Harry had heard Fred and 	George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
26	  What about you, Weasley?"   Ron didn't answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because 	George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him. Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
27	  week," said Harry. "Only don't tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a secret."   Fred and 	George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry, and hurried over.   "Well done," said George in a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
28	 's refereeing this time, and he'll be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!"   	George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.   "Snape's refereeing?" he spluttered through	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
29	 s a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your friends Misters Fred and 	George Weasley were responsible for trying to send you a toilet seat. No doubt they thought it would 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
30	 yone else yet.   "Merry Christmas!"   "Hey, look -- Harry's got a Weasley sweater, too!"   Fred and 	George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on it, the other a G.   "Harry'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
