1	  the Remembrall back on the table.   "Just looking," he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and 	Goyle behind him.   At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurried down th	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
2	  friends with you," said Harry coolly. There was of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and 	Goyle, but as the High Table was full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
3	  they're not wanted at home."   He was looking over at Harry as he spoke. Crabbe and 	Goyle chuckled.   Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them.   Malfoy had bee	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
4	  the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - Ron leapt forward, but before he'd so much as touched 	Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.   Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
5	 eorge had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and 	Goyle.   "Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?"   "You're 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
6	  his seat to face Malfoy.   "I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.   Malfoy, Crabbe, and 	Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
7	  Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - Ron leapt forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, 	Goyle let out a horrible yell.   Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
8	 barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!"   Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and 	Goyle, looking pleased with himself.   There weren't many people left now. "Moon" "Nott" "Parkinson" then	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
9	  first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and 	Goyle. Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.   "That's a broomstick," he said, throwing it 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
10	  Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isn't more. Move along, all of you."   Malfoy, Crabbe, and 	Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.   "I'll get him," said Ro	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
11	  leaving, do we, boys? We've eaten all our food and you still seem to have some."   	Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - Ron leapt forward, but before he'd so much 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
12	  a horrible yell.   Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into 	Goyle's knuckle - Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and whe	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
13	   "That's enough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now."   Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and 	Goyle's triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as she strode toward 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
14	  either side of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguards.   "Oh, this is Crabbe and this is 	Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly, noticing where Harry was looking. "And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malf	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
15	  the back. "And I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and 	Goyle single-handed! He's still out cold but Madam Pomftey says he'll be all right - talk 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
16	  has," said Ron, wheeling around. "I'm his second, who's yours?"   Malfoy looked at Crabbe and 	Goyle, sizing them up.   "Crabbe," he said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy room; 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
17	 s," he said softly, "Harry Potter. Our new -- celebrity."   Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and 	Goyle sniggered behind their hands. Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class. His eyes	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
18	  his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle's knuckle - Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as 	Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbets finally flew off and hit the window, all	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
19	  sharp about-face and held the broom steady. A few people below were clapping.   "No Crabbe and 	Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy," Harry called.   The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
20	  seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and 	Goyle.   Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
21	 lfoy sneered.   "Unless you get out now," said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because Crabbe and 	Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.   "But we don't feet like leaving, do we, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
22	 scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his abysmal Potions one. They had hoped that 	Goyle, who was almost as stupid as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he had passed, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
23	  have the faintest idea what a bezoar was. He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and 	Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.   "I don't know, sit." "Thought you wouldn't open a book 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
24	 It was Malfoy.   "Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn't see you there."   Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and 	Goyle.   "Wonder how long Potter's going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone want a bet? 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
