1	 ," he said, handing it back to Hagrid, "I will have Someone take you down to both vaults. 	Griphook!"   Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his p	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
2	  secret. Hogwarts business. Dumbledore's trusted me. More'n my job's worth ter tell yeh that."   	Griphook held the door open for them. Harry, who had expected more marble, was surprised. They were in 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
3	  a Gringotts goblin tried that, they'd be sucked through the door and trapped in there," said 	Griphook.   "How often do you check to see if anyone's inside?" Harry asked.   "About once every ten 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
4	  by the scruff of his neck.   Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.   "Stand back," said 	Griphook importantly. He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
5	 "Vault seven hundred and thirteen now, please, and can we go more slowly?"   "One speed only," said 	Griphook.   They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air became colder and colder as they 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
6	 goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Harry followed 	Griphook toward one of the doors leading off the hall.   "What's the You-Know-What in vault 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
7	  wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the wall to stop his knees from trembling.   	Griphook unlocked the door. A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and as it cleared, Harry gasped. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
8	  enough fer a couple o' terms, we'll keep the rest safe for yeh." He turned to 	Griphook. "Vault seven hundred and thirteen now, please, and can we go more slowly?"   "One speed only," sai	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
9	  said, handing it back to Hagrid, "I will have Someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook!"   	Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his pockets, he 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
10	  fork, right, left, but it was impossible. The rattling cart seemed to know its own way, because 	Griphook wasn't steering.   Harry's eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
11	 with flaming torches. It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor. 	Griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks toward them. They climbed in -- Hagrid with 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
12	  do you check to see if anyone's inside?" Harry asked.   "About once every ten years," said 	Griphook with a rather nasty grin.   Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
