1	  more than treasure there.   "Like I said, Yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it," said 	Hagrid.   A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	109
2	 oticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.   "Hmmm," said Mr. Ollivander, giving 	Hagrid a piercing look. "Well, now -- Mr. Potter. Let me see." He pulled a long tape measure with 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	151
3	  follows me everywhere? Can't get rid of her -- Fitch puts her up to it."   Harry told 	Hagrid about Snape's lesson. Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	191
4	  little yeh know -- not knowin' about Quidditch!"   "Don't make me feel worse," said Harry. He told 	Hagrid about the pate boy in Madam Malkin's.   "--and he said people from Muggle families shouldn't 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	133
5	 , you stay with me an' Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an' this idiot. I'm sorry," 	Hagrid added in a whisper to Harry, "but he'll have a harder time frightenin' you, an' we'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	339
6	 matter of fact," said Harry, "about what's guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy --"   "SHHHH!" said 	Hagrid again. "Listen - come an' see me later, I'm not promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	252
7	 Hagrid gruffly. "That's top secret, that is."   "But Snape's trying to steal it."   "Rubbish," said 	Hagrid again. "Snape's a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do nothin' of the sort."   "So why did he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	224
8	  put him back in the wild!"   "Brilliant!" said Ron. "How about it, Hagrid?"   And in the end, 	Hagrid agreed that they could send -an owl to Charlie to ask him.   The following week dragged by. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	290
9	  great with animals."   Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. While Ron told 	Hagrid all about Charlie's work with dragons, Harry picked up a piece of paper that was lying 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	197
10	  that almost broke their teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told 	Hagrid all about their first -lessons. Fang rested his head on Harry's knee and drooled all over 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	189
11	 e were mounds of gold coins. Columns of silver. Heaps of little bronze Knuts.   "All yours," smiled 	Hagrid.   All Harry's -- it was incredible. The Dursleys couldn't have known about this or they'd 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	122
12	 nly a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan.   "Hullo, Bane," said 	Hagrid. "All right?"   "Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well?"   "Well enough. Look, I've jus' bin 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	329
13	  Dudley, who never read anything, would have been wild to get his hands on some of these. 	Hagrid almost had to drag Harry away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	136
14	  idea, but yer not ter use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstances," said 	Hagrid. "An' anyway, yeh couldn' work any of them curses yet, yeh'll need a lot more study 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	137
15	  -- it grew wider and wider -- a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for 	Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.   "Welcome," said Hagrid, "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	104
16	 's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?"   "Stalagmite's got an 'm' in it," said 	Hagrid. "An' don' ask me questions just now, I think I'm gonna be sick."   He did look 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	120
17	 , he'd have found out even if you hadn't told him."   "Yeh could've died!" sobbed 	Hagrid. "An' don' say the name!"   "VOLDEMORT!" Harry bellowed, and Hagrid was so shocked, he stopped cryi	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	367
18	  nothin' that lives in the forest that'll hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang," said 	Hagrid. "An' keep ter the path. Right, now, we're gonna split inter two parties an' follow the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	311
19	  count leading off the hall, and yet more goblins were showing people in and out of these. 	Hagrid and Harry made for the counter.   "Morning," said Hagrid to a free goblin. "We've come ter 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	110
20	  money outta Mr. Harry Potter's safe."   "You have his key, Sir?"   "Got it here somewhere," said 	Hagrid, and he started emptying his pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits o	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	112
21	  his shoulder. He had the nasty feeling they were being watched. He was very glad they had 	Hagrid and his crossbow with them.   They had just passed a bend in the path when Hermione grabbed 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	333
22	  Dursleys were there. Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to have got back his courage. He was glaring at 	Hagrid and his fists were clenched.   "Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
23	 , come with me an' see the Great Hall, looks a treat."   So the three of them followed 	Hagrid and his tree off to -the Great Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy wi	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	235
24	  care of him and then put him back in the wild!"   "Brilliant!" said Ron. "How about it, 	Hagrid?"   And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send -an owl to Charlie to ask him.   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	289
25	  know what was good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that 	Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you."   Both Harry and Ron stood up.   "Say that again," Ron 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	163
26	  a shape! This is money?"   "You can keep it," said Harry, laughing at how pleased Ron was. "	Hagrid and my aunt and uncle -- so who sent these?"   "I think I know who that one's 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	245
27	  roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at 	Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.   Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.   "Sh	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
28	  them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.   "Heads down!" yelled 	Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats carried 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	169
29	  his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street.   Passersby stared a lot at 	Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station. Harry couldn't blame them. Not only 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	80
30	 icles, some glittering with hundreds of candles.   "How many days you got left until yer holidays?" 	Hagrid asked.   "Just one," said Hermione. "And that reminds me -Harry, Ron, we've got half an hour 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	237
31	  that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes when he said that.   "How's yer brother Charlie?" 	Hagrid asked Ron. "I liked him a lot -- great with animals."   Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	195
32	 ed the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from the ceiling. While 	Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	139
33	  goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.   "Got it," said 	Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.   The goblin looked at it closely.   "That seems to 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	113
34	  their way through the stormy sky to deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by 	Hagrid before they could fly off again.   No one could wait for the holidays to start. While the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	228
35	 's going to be as long as your house. Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment."   	Hagrid bit his lip.   "I -- I know I can't keep him forever, but I can't jus' 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	288
36	 ourage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.   "That's better," said 	Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
37	  on the telephone.   Harry realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.   "Where was I?" said 	Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelig	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
38	  first victims," he said. "So it has been for ages past, so it is now."   "Yeah," said 	Hagrid, "but have yeh seen anythin', Ronan? Anythin' unusual?"   "Mars is bright tonight," Ronan repeated,	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	325
39	  Self-Stirring -- Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.   "Yeah, you'll be needin' one," said 	Hagrid, "but we gotta get yer money first."   Harry wished he had about eight more eyes. He turned 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	106
40	  on Harry's knee and drooled all over his robes.   Harry and Ron were delighted to hear 	Hagrid call Fitch "that old git."   "An' as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, I'd like ter introduce 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	190
41	  his toad, sniffed once or twice.   "Ye' all get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," 	Hagrid called over his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here."   There was a loud "Oooooh!"   The narrow pa	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	166
42	  sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.   "No more'n four to a boat!" 	Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. Harry and 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	167
43	 r the faintest sound.   Suddenly, in a clearing ahead, something definitely moved.   "Who's there?" 	Hagrid called. "Show yerself -- I'm armed!"   And into the clearing came -- was it a man, or a 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	320
44	  gamekeeper's hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed. 	Hagrid called "Who is it?" before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them.   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	257
45	 cking with glee. "Should've thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble, shouldn't you?"   	Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, Fang at his heel. He was carrying his large 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	302
46	  his eyes shut tight.   "It was a dream, he told himself firmly. "I dreamed a giant called 	Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards. When I open my eyes 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
47	  Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, "The usual, 	Hagrid?"   "Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry's 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	96
48	 me an' Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly.   "Well, that's something," Harry muttered to the others. "	Hagrid, can we have a window open? I'm boiling."   "Can't, Harry, sorry," said Hagrid. Harry noticed 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	265
49	 ight you won Norbert? What did the stranger you were playing cards with look like?"   "Dunno," said 	Hagrid casually, "he wouldn' take his cloak off."   He saw the three of them look stunned and raised 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	354
50	 eons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).   Outside the Apothecary, 	Hagrid checked Harry's list again.   "Just yer wand left - A yeah, an' I still haven't got 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	140
51	  must have made a mistake. I don't think I can be a wizard."   To his surprise, 	Hagrid chuckled.   "Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was scared or angry?"   Harry look	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
52	  he stammered, "What does it mean, they await my owl?"   "Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me," said 	Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
53	  reached for a glass, saying, "The usual, Hagrid?"   "Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said 	Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry's shoulder and making Harry's knees buckle.   "Good Lord," said 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	97
54	 'd had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid. Had 	Hagrid collected that package just in time? Where was it now? And did Hagrid know something about Snape 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	202
55	  had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn't help trusting him.   "This is it," said 	Hagrid, coming to a halt, "the Leaky Cauldron. It's a famous place."   It was a tiny, grubby-	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	91
56	  became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel. Every morning the ground was covered in frost. 	Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up i	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	209
57	  the Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and 	Hagrid could see it. Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered him inside.   For a famous place, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	93
58	  ran to keep up, "did you say there are dragons at Gringotts?"   "Well, so they say," said 	Hagrid. "Crikey, I'd like a dragon."   "You'd like one?"   "Wanted one ever since I was a 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	83
59	 but --"   "I bet I'm in Hufflepuff" said Harry gloomily.   "Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin," said 	Hagrid darkly. "There's not a single witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin.   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	134
60	  my birthday! It might've been happening while we were there!"   There was no doubt about it, 	Hagrid definitely didn't meet Harry's eyes this time. He grunted and offered him another rock cake. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	199
61	  up."   Harry sank down next to the bowl of peas. "What did you talk to him about, 	Hagrid? Did you mention Hogwarts at all?"   "Mighta come up," said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remembe	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	355
62	 really hate me."   "Rubbish!" said Hagrid. "Why should he?"   Yet Harry couldn't help thinking that 	Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes when he said that.   "How's yer brother Charlie?" Hagrid asked 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	194
63	 ? How many people wander around with dragon eggs if it's against wizard law? Lucky they found 	Hagrid, don't you think? Why didn't I see it before?"   "What are you talking about?" said 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	351
64	 re firs' years? Mind yer step, now! Firs' years follow me!"   Slipping and stumbling, they followed 	Hagrid down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path. It was so dark on either side of 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	165
65	  Hogwarts. As a matter o' fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway. Fer Dumbledore. Hogwarts business." 	Hagrid drew himself up proudly. "He usually gets me ter do important stuff fer him. Fetchin' you gettin' 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	69
66	  dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying to steal whatever it's guarding."   	Hagrid dropped the teapot.   "How do you know about Fluffy?" he said.   "Fluffy?"   "Yeah -- he's mine -- 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	222
67	  was either Snape or Voldemort under that cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got 	Hagrid drunk. I just hope Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us up if Bane doesn't stop 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	359
68	 lytherins.   "Budge up there, move along."   "Hagrid!"   Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give 	Hagrid enough space to join them.   "Bin watchin' from me hut," said Hagrid, patting a large pair of 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	211
69	 ors with Harry trotting miserably behind her. Maybe she was taking him to Dumbledore. He thought of 	Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be Hagrid's assistant. His stomach	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	205
70	 ," said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears. Like 	Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.   "This is Ron," Harry told Hagrid, who was 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	186
71	 . In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.   "Ah," said 	Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er..."   "Where did you get it, Hagrid?" said Ron, crou	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	268
72	  the note of panic in his voice.   "Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts," said 	Hagrid fiercely.   "Yeh've done wrong an' now yehve got ter pay fer it."   "But this is servant 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	306
73	  give us a hint -- I know I've read his name somewhere."   "I'm sayin' nothin, said 	Hagrid flatly.   "Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said Ron, and they left Hagrid looking disgr	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	240
74	 r the storm.   "How did you get here?" Harry asked, looking around for another boat.   "Flew," said 	Hagrid.   "Flew?"   "Yeah -- but we'll go back in this. Not s'pposed ter use magic now I'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	71
75	 . Nah, we're best left alone."   At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall. 	Hagrid folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street.   Passersby stared 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	79
76	  of his wand and was trailing them over the branches of the new tree.   "The library?" said 	Hagrid, following them out of the hall. "Just before the holidays? Bit keen, aren't yeh?"   "Oh, we'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	238
77	  were wondering if you could tell us what's guarding the Sorcerer's Stone apart from Fluffy."   	Hagrid frowned at him.   "0' course I cant, he said. "Number one, I don' know meself. Number two, yeh 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	259
78	  did you talk to him about, Hagrid? Did you mention Hogwarts at all?"   "Mighta come up," said 	Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember.   "Yeah... he asked what I did, an' I told him I 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	356
79	  coldly, they're here to be punished, after all."   "That's why yer late, is it?" said 	Hagrid, frowning at Filch. "Bin lecturin' them, eh? 'Snot your place ter do that. Yeh've done yer 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	304
80	  get back off ter the castle an' pack. Go on"' Malfoy didn't move. He looked at 	Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his gaze.   "Right then," said Hagrid, "now, listen carefully, 'cause i	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	308
81	  yeh a present."   "It's not a stoat sandwich, is it?" said Harry anxiously, and at last 	Hagrid gave a weak chuckle. "Nah. Dumbledore gave me the day off yesterday ter fix it. 'Course, he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	371
82	  the turkey. Percy nearly broke his teeth on a silver sickle embedded in his slice. Harry watched 	Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonag	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	246
83	 ad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting 	Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
84	 arry still staring at Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying.   "Seems a shame ter row, though," said 	Hagrid, giving Harry another of his sideways looks. "If I was ter -- er -- speed things up a bit, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	73
85	 oiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.   "Another Weasley, eh?" said 	Hagrid, glancing at Ron's freckles. I spent half me life chasin' yer twin brothers away from the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	188
86	  sighed. He flung back his head and stared at the sky. "Mars is bright tonight."   "Yeah," said 	Hagrid, glancing up, too. "Listen, I'm glad we've run inter yeh, Ronan, 'cause there's a 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	324
87	 . I tell you, that dragon's the most horrible animal I've ever met, but the way 	Hagrid goes on about it, you'd think it was a fluffy little bunny rabbit. When it bit 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	292
88	  to see you again.... Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn't it?"   "It was, sir, yes," said 	Hagrid.   "Good wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?" said 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	148
89	  very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small door in the passage wall, 	Hagrid got out and had to lean against the wall to stop his knees from trembling.   Griphook unlocked 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	121
90	  them dropped their trowels at once and hurried through the grounds to the edge of the forest. 	Hagrid greeted them, looking flushed and excited.   "It's nearly out." He ushered them inside.   The egg w	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	278
91	    "A werewolf?" Harry suggested.   "That wasn' no werewolf an' it wasn' no unicorn, neither," said 	Hagrid grimly. "Right, follow me, but careful, now."   They walked more slowly, ears straining for the fai	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	319
92	  into a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.   	Hagrid grinned at Harry.   "Told yeh, didn't I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell was 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	102
93	  Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but 	Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.   Vault seven hundred and thirteen had 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	124
94	  father knew I was doing this, he'd tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," 	Hagrid growled. "Copyin' lines! What good's that ter anyone? Yeh'll do summat useful or Yeh'll 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	307
95	 uldn't stop stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell.   "Don' mention it," said 	Hagrid gruffly. "Don' expect you've had a lotta presents from them Dursleys. Just Ollivanders left now - o	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	141
96	  him to Dumbledore to guard the "Yes?" said Harry eagerly.   "Now, don't ask me anymore," said 	Hagrid gruffly. "That's top secret, that is."   "But Snape's trying to steal it."   "Rubbish," said Hagrid	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	223
97	  next to Ronan. He looked skyward. "Mars is bright tonight," he said simply.   "We've heard," said 	Hagrid grumpily. "Well, if either of you do see anythin', let me know, won't yeh? We'll 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	331
98	  still ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.   "He's not going," he said.   	Hagrid grunted.   "I'd like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him," he said.   "A what?" 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
99	  him and carried on savaging the coat.   "Hagrid!" said Harry loudly. "There's an owl "Pay him," 	Hagrid grunted into the sofa.   "What?"   "He wants payin' fer deliverin' the paper. Look in the pockets."	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	62
100	  wizard who went... bad. As bad as you could go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name was..."   	Hagrid gulped, but no words came out.   "Could you write it down?" Harry suggested.   "Nah -can't spell 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
101	  Hogwarts, I suppose," said the drawling boy.   Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream 	Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).   "What's up?" said Hagrid.   "Nothing,	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	130
102	  brother Charlie?" Hagrid asked Ron. "I liked him a lot -- great with animals."   Harry wondered if 	Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. While Ron told Hagrid all about Charlie's work with dragons, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	196
103	  will have Someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook!"   Griphook was yet another goblin. Once 	Hagrid had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward one	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	116
104	  the story again. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied earlier that same day. 	Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	200
105	 , anyway?"   "I don't know," said Harry, realizing this for the first time. He pulled the ticket 	Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.   "I just take the train from platform nine and three-	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	160
106	  to their dark dormitory. He putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute 	Hagrid had given him for Christmas. He pocketed it to use on Fluffy -- he didn't feel much 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	360
107	  sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against the window, but he blinked and 	Hagrid had gone.   CHAPTER SIX   THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS   Harry's last month wi	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	159
108	  lessons he'd had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with 	Hagrid. Had Hagrid collected that package just in time? Where was it now? And did Hagrid know something 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	201
109	  hurried off to the library.   They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since 	Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape was trying 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	242
110	  out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis against the wall. 	Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.   "He's got lots o' rats an' some 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	296
111	  paper and scrawled across it was To Harry, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut wooden flute. 	Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Harry blew it -- it sounded a bit like an owl.   A second, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	244
112	  the most peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it. Before he could mention this, 	Hagrid had steered him inside.   For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A few old 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	94
113	  the Dursleys had no sense of humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything 	Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn't help trusting him.   "This is it," said 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	90
114	  around Harry's heart. Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what 	Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: "Some say he died.   Codswallop, in my opinion. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	341
115	  had grown three times in length in just a week. Smoke kept furling out of its nostrils. 	Hagrid hadn't been doing his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping him so busy. There were 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	285
116	  halt, "the Leaky Cauldron. It's a famous place."   It was a tiny, grubby-looking pub. If 	Hagrid hadn't pointed it out, Harry wouldn't have noticed it was there. The people hurrying by 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	92
117	  the world to do...."   He shook his head and then, to Harry's relief, spotted Hagrid.   "Rubeus! 	Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see you again.... Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn't it?"   "It was, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	146
118	 hat he said instead was, "Who are you?"   The giant chuckled.   "True, I haven't introduced meself. 	Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts."   He held out an enormous hand and shook Harry'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
119	 arry his letter.   Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.   Weather's horrible. Hope you're Well.   	Hagrid Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its beak, went 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
120	 ad. It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.   "Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!" said 	Hagrid.   "Hagrid," said Hermione, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?"   Hagrid was about to	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	280
121	  three? I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with Hedwig.   	Hagrid Harry borrowed Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	177
122	  "Can we buy all this in London?" Harry wondered aloud.   "If yeh know where to go," said 	Hagrid.   Harry had never been to London before. Although Hagrid seemed to know where he was going, he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	87
123	  the others. "Hagrid, can we have a window open? I'm boiling."   "Can't, Harry, sorry," said 	Hagrid. Harry noticed him glance at the fire. Harry looked at it, too.   "Hagrid -- what's that?"   But 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	266
124	 ry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.   "See?" said 	Hagrid. "Harry Potter, not a wizard -- you wait, you'll be right famous at Hogwarts."   But Uncle Vernon 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
125	 n made his way forward, very nervously. One of his eyes was twitching.   "Professor Quirrell!" said 	Hagrid. "Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts."   "P-P-Potter," stammered Pr	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	99
126	 oking around. Everything looked so strange, somehow.   "You all right, Harry? Yer very quiet," said 	Hagrid.   Harry wasn't sure he could explain. He'd just had the best birthday of his life -- 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	155
127	  panic.   Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.   "Ah, go boil yet heads, both of yeh," said 	Hagrid. "Harry -- yet a wizard."   There was silence inside the hut. Only the sea and the whistling wind 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
128	  and turned toward the Dursleys' house.   "Could I -- could I say good-bye to him, sir?" asked 	Hagrid. He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
129	 ry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard. "	Hagrid, he'd have found out somehow, this is Voldemort we're talking about, he'd have found 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	366
130	 , too. It was driving them nuts.   Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from 	Hagrid.   He had written only two words: It's hatching.   Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	275
131	  to reason with him.   "Just let him go," Harry urged. "Set him free."   "I can't," said 	Hagrid. "He's too little. He'd die."   They looked at the dragon. It had grown three times 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	284
132	  took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.   "Call me 	Hagrid," he said, "everyone does. An' like I told yeh, I'm Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts -- yeh'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
133	  in the world, how come Dudley had always been able to kick him around like a football? "	Hagrid," he said quietly, "I think you must have made a mistake. I don't think I can 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
134	  what to tell him. Harry decided on the truth.   "I found out something about him," he told 	Hagrid. "He tried to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	221
135	  hard. But yeh'll have a great time at Hogwarts -- I did -- still do, 'smatter of fact."   	Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take him back to the Dursleys, then handed him 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	157
136	 ? And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.   	Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag.   "The gold ones are Galleons," he explained. "Seventeen 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	123
137	  Hagrid's heavy coat fell off him. The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, 	Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
138	 , and Snape wasn't blinking at all, I saw him!"   "I'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!" said 	Hagrid hotly. "I don' know why Harry's broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn' try an' kill 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	226
139	 world to do...."   He shook his head and then, to Harry's relief, spotted Hagrid.   "Rubeus! Rubeus 	Hagrid! How nice to see you again.... Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn't it?"   "It was, sir, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	147
140	  card and you're out of the game!"   "But this isn't soccer, Dean," Ron reminded him.   	Hagrid, however, was on Dean's side.   "They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	214
141	 , Hagrid, it's in that clearing back there."   "This is where I leave you," Firenze murmured as 	Hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn. "You are safe now."   Harry slid off his back.   "Good luck, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	344
142	  -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan.   "Hullo, Bane," said Hagrid. "All right?"   "Good evening, 	Hagrid, I hope you are well?"   "Well enough. Look, I've jus' bin askin' Ronan, you seen anythin' 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	330
143	  and started back toward the castle, his lamp bobbing away in the darkness.   Malfoy now turned to 	Hagrid.   "I'm not going in that forest, he said, and Harry was pleased to hear the note 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	305
144	  a drink?"   "Yes, please," said Ron, but Harry cut him off.   "No, we're in a hurry. 	Hagrid, I've got to ask you something. You know that night you won Norbert? What did the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	353
145	  certainly seemed to have changed her mind about Snape.   I know a jinx when I see one, 	Hagrid, I've read all about them! You've got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn't 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	225
146	 d and thirteen."   The goblin read the letter carefully.   "Very well," he said, handing it back to 	Hagrid, "I will have Someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook!"   Griphook was yet another goblin. O	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	115
147	 his was not someone to cross.   "The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said Hagrid.   "Thank you, 	Hagrid. I will take them from here."   She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall was so big 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	174
148	  he stoked the fire.   So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to 	Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.   "Wonder what it's 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	274
149	  seems to be in order."   "An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said 	Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest. "It's about the YouKnow-What in vault seven hundred and thirte	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	114
150	  in a large crate.   "He's got lots o' rats an' some brandy fer the journey," said 	Hagrid in a muffled voice. "An' I've packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely."   From 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	297
151	 . We've no business staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations."   "Yeah," said 	Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his bike back. G'night, Professor McGonagall -- 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
152	  with a long, reddish tail. Harry and Hermione's jaws dropped.   "Oh, it's you, Ronan," said 	Hagrid in relief. "How are yeh?"   He walked forward and shook the centaur's hand.   "Good evening to 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	321
153	  top parcel. It was wrapped in thick brown paper and scrawled across it was To Harry, from 	Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut wooden flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Harry blew it -- 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	243
154	  staring over their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.   "Never," said 	Hagrid irritably, "try an' get a straight answer out of a centaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not interested in any	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	332
155	  behind her.   "I'm fine," said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying. "The unicorn's dead, 	Hagrid, it's in that clearing back there."   "This is where I leave you," Firenze murmured as Hagrid 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	343
156	  very worried.   "Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?" Harry asked.   "Not fast enough," said 	Hagrid. "It's not easy ter catch a unicorn, they're powerful magic creatures. I never knew one 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	315
157	  a great Muggle like you stop him," he said.   "A what?" said Harry, interested.   "A Muggle," said 	Hagrid, "it's what we call nonmagic folk like thern.   An' it's your bad luck you grew 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
158	 , I want ter get started."   Harry's heart rose; if they were going to be working with 	Hagrid it wouldn't be so bad. His relief must have showed in his -face, because Filch said, "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	301
159	  voice he said, "Blown up? You told me they died in a car crash!"   "CAR CRASH!" roared 	Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys scuttled back to their corner. "How could a car crash 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
160	 said instead was, "Who are you?"   The giant chuckled.   "True, I haven't introduced meself. Rubeus 	Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts."   He held out an enormous hand and shook Harry's 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
161	  tea with Hagrid. Had Hagrid collected that package just in time? Where was it now? And did 	Hagrid know something about Snape that he didn't want to tell Harry? CHAPTER NINE   THE MIDNIGHT DUEL   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	203
162	  get a closer look at the egg. "It must've cost you a fortune."   "Won it," said 	Hagrid. "Las' night. I was down in the village havin' a few drinks an' got into a game 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	270
163	  for. I don't know what happened when Vol-, sorry -- I mean, the night my parents died."   	Hagrid leaned across the table. Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile.   "Don' 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	156
164	  -- just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"   But at that moment, 	Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat. Pointing this at 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
165	  on -- lots ter buy. Come on, Harry."   Doris Crockford shook Harry's hand one last time, and 	Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	101
166	  head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, 	Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.   "Shhh!" hissed Professor McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles!	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
167	  not going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for England before 	Hagrid lets Dumbledore down."   Harry nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	345
168	  the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.   "Make yerselves at home," said 	Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	185
169	  get rid of her -- Fitch puts her up to it."   Harry told Hagrid about Snape's lesson. 	Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.   "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	192
170	  with you?"   At five to three they left the castle and made their way across the grounds. 	Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the forbidden forest. A crossbow and a 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	182
171	  with them.   They had just passed a bend in the path when Hermione grabbed Hagrid's arm.   "	Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!"   "You two wait here!" Hagrid shouted. "Stay on the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	335
172	  Ron impressively. "And we know what that dog's guarding, it's a Sorcerer's St --"   "Shhhh!" 	Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening.   "Don' go shoutin' about it, what's the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	251
173	 nd and said, "About our world, I mean. Your world. My world. Yer parents' world."   "What world?"   	Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.   "DURSLEY!" he boomed.   Uncle Vernon, who had gone very 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
174	  on -- I dunno what it was, no one does -- but somethin' about you stumped him, all right."   	Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling pleased 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
175	  the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.   	Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.   "Shouldn'ta lost me temper," he said ruefully,	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
176	 as Flamel --"   "Aha!" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved, is there?"   	Hagrid looked furious with himself.   CHAPTER TWELVE   THE MIRROR OF ERISED   Christmas was coming. One mo	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	227
177	  since you mentioned Nicolas Flamel we've been trying to find out who he is."   "You what?" 	Hagrid looked shocked. "Listen here -- I've told yeh -- drop it. It's nothin' to you what that 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	239
178	 eeper of Keys at Hogwarts -- yeh'll know all about Hogwarts, o' course.   "Er -- no," said Harry.   	Hagrid looked shocked.   "Sorry," Harry said quickly.   "Sony?" barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dur	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
179	 . "Who is it?"   Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual when he was indoors, 	Hagrid looked too big to be allowed. He sat down next to Harry, took one look at him, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	363
180	  the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue blood on the fallen leaves.   Harry saw that 	Hagrid looked very worried.   "Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?" Harry asked.   "Not fast enough,	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	314
181	  brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.   "I've decided to call him Norbert," said 	Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes. "He really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert! Where's 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	286
182	  nothin, said Hagrid flatly.   "Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said Ron, and they left 	Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.   They had indeed been searching books for Flam	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	241
183	 ." "Why were you expelled?"   "It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said 	Hagrid loudly. "Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an' that."   He took off his thick 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
184	  bowed them from his shop.   The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and 	Hagrid made their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through the Leaky Cauldron, now 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	153
185	  inside. Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate. 	Hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiches, which they refused.   "So -- yeh wanted to ask me 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	258
186	  keep Harry to himself. It took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At last, 	Hagrid managed to make himself heard over the babble.   "Must get on -- lots ter buy. Come on, Harry."   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	100
187	 , scared of his own subject now, where's me umbrella?"   Vampires? Hags? Harry's head was swimming. 	Hagrid, meanwhile, was counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.   "Three up... two across he mutte	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	103
188	  something that made him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puncture.   "Um -- 	Hagrid?"   "Mm?" said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.   "I haven't got any money -- and 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	66
189	 , away from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.   "Dunno what Harry thinks he's doing," 	Hagrid mumbled. He stared through his binoculars. "If I didn' know better, I'd say he'd lost 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	215
190	 , orange eyes.   It sneezed. A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.   "Isn't he beautiful?" 	Hagrid murmured. He reached out a hand to stroke the dragon's head. It snapped at his fingers, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	279
191	  with a trunk he could hardly lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl.   	Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like tapping the third brick on 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	161
192	  here seemed to tingle with some secret magic.   "Good afternoon," said a soft voice. Harry jumped. 	Hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	143
193	 'd never had so many questions in his life.   "Ministry o' Magic messin' things up as usual," 	Hagrid muttered, turning the page.   "There's a Ministry of Magic?" Harry asked, before he could stop hims	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	77
194	  You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen?" Harry asked.   "Can't tell yeh that," said 	Hagrid mysteriously. "Very secret. Hogwarts business. Dumbledore's trusted me. More'n my job's worth ter t	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	117
195	  morning.   "Want to play chess, Harry?" said Ron.   "No."   "Why don't we go down and visit 	Hagrid?"   "No... you go..."   "I know what you're thinking about, Harry, that mirror. Don't go back 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	247
196	  whole life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.   "Might as well get yer uniform," said 	Hagrid, nodding toward Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. "Listen, Harry, would yeh mind if I slipped	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	127
197	 he ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).   "What's up?" said 	Hagrid.   "Nothing," Harry lied. They stopped to buy parchment and quills. Harry cheered up a bit when he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	131
198	 ell the boy anything!"   A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look 	Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.   "You never told him? Neve	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
199	  Malfoy didn't move. He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his gaze.   "Right then," said 	Hagrid, "now, listen carefully, 'cause it's dangerous what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don' want 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	309
200	  just thought of something," said Harry. He had turned white.   "We've got to go and see 	Hagrid, now."   "Why?" panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.   "Don't you think it's a bit odd," 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	349
201	  talk to me on the way back, it's best if I keep me mouth shut," said 	Hagrid.   One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts. Harry didn't kno	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	126
202	  ter live with Muggles -"   "Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, 	Hagrid, or we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledo	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
203	 s from Gringotts -- knows he can trust me, see.   "Got everythin'? Come on, then."   Harry followed 	Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	70
204	  huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.   I never know," Harry called to 	Hagrid over the noise of the cart, "what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?"   "Stala	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	119
205	 ione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.   "Bin watchin' from me hut," said 	Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, "But it isn't the same as bein' 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	212
206	  a deep, sorrowful voice. "Were you going to shoot me?"   "Can't be too careful, Ronan," said 	Hagrid, patting his crossbow.   "There's summat bad loose in this forest. This is Harry Potter an' Hermion	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	323
207	  empty. Then he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor. 	Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat. Harry longed to know what it was, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	125
208	 , would you? Not even one of the teachers?"   "Not a soul knows except me an' Dumbledore," said 	Hagrid proudly.   "Well, that's something," Harry muttered to the others. "Hagrid, can we have a window op	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	264
209	 at was Vol-"   "Harry! Harry, are you all right?"   Hermione was running toward them down the path, 	Hagrid puffing along behind her.   "I'm fine," said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying. "The unicorn	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	342
210	  yeh mind not mentionin' it at Hogwarts?"   "Of course not," said Harry, eager to see more magic. 	Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and they 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	74
211	  do with it when it's hatched?" said Hermione.   "Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said 	Hagrid, pulling a large book from under his pillow. "Got this outta the library -- Dragon Breeding for Ple	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	271
212	 " he added brightly.   "But you don't use them?" said Mr. Ollivander sharply.   "Oh, no, sit," said 	Hagrid quickly. Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.   "Hmmm," said Mr. Ol	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	150
213	  burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was - "Yeah, that's a goblin," said 	Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him. The goblin was about a head 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	108
214	 . At last, he said, "The forest hides many secrets."   A movement in the trees behind Ronan made 	Hagrid raise his bow again, but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	328
215	 ps and crowded around the huge, Oak front door.   "Everyone here? You there, still got yer toad?"   	Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.   CHAPTER SEVEN   THE SORTING HA	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	172
216	  Ron. "Harry hasn't had much to do yet."   "Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin'," said 	Hagrid, raising his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.   Way up above them, Harry	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	213
217	 ."   "What? My -- my mom and dad weren't famous, were they?"   "Yeh don' know... yeh don' know..." 	Hagrid ran his fingers through his hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.   "Yeh don' know what yeh 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
218	  if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat."   Harry sat and thought about this while 	Hagrid read his newspaper, the Daily Prophet. Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	76
219	 s letter.   Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.   Weather's horrible. Hope you're Well.   Hagrid 	Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its beak, went to 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
220	 s filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.   "Budge up there, move along."   "	Hagrid!"   Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.   "Bin watchin' fr	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	210
221	  into the world to do...."   He shook his head and then, to Harry's relief, spotted Hagrid.   "	Rubeus! Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see you again.... Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn't it?"   "It 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	145
222	  out into the world to do...."   He shook his head and then, to Harry's relief, spotted 	Hagrid.   "Rubeus! Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see you again.... Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn't 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	144
223	 ese: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper's Guide."   "	Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever met him, " said 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	255
224	  and his crossbow with them.   They had just passed a bend in the path when Hermione grabbed 	Hagrid's arm.   "Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!"   "You two wait here!" Hagrid shout	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	334
225	 umbledore. He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be 	Hagrid's assistant. His stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron and the others becoming wizards, w	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	206
226	 ined it, watching Ron and the others becoming wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying 	Hagrid's bag.   Professor McGonagall stopped outside a classroom. She opened the door and poked her head i	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	207
227	  do know, you know everything that goes on round here," said Hermione in a warm, flattering voice. 	Hagrid's beard twitched and they could tell he was smiling. "We only wondered who had done the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	261
228	 , and Harry heard a familiar voice: "Firs' years! Firs' years over here! All right there, Harry?"   	Hagrid's big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.   "C'mon, follow me -- any more firs' 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	164
229	 rom inside and several booming barks. Then Hagrid's voice rang out, saying, "Back, Fang -- back."   	Hagrid's big, hairy face appeared in the crack as he pulled the door open.   "Hang on," he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	184
230	  Dark magic -- no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand."   At these words, Hermione seized 	Hagrid's binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.   "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	217
231	 dore?" She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.   "	Hagrid's bringing him."   "You think it -- wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?"  	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
232	  hands. Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class. His eyes were black like 	Hagrid's, but they had none of Hagrid's warmth.   They were cold and empty and made you 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	179
233	 ." Hermione went on. "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, apart from you."   	Hagrid's chest swelled at these last words. Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione.   "Well, I don' s'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	262
234	  Hagrid, who didn't wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack 	Hagrid's coat.   "Don't do that."   Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	60
235	 unted into the sofa.   "What?"   "He wants payin' fer deliverin' the paper. Look in the pockets."   	Hagrid's coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets -- bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	63
236	  next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous. They spent most of their free time in 	Hagrid's darkened hut, trying to reason with him.   "Just let him go," Harry urged. "Set him free."   "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	283
237	 n our world knows his name!" "But why? What happened?" Harry asked urgently.   The anger faded from 	Hagrid's face. He looked suddenly anxious.   "I never expected this," he said, in a low, worried voice. "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
238	  there."   "It must wake up the moment you stop playing," said Harry. "Well, here goes..."   He put 	Hagrid's flute to his lips and blew. It wasn't really a tune, but from the first 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	361
239	  dragon hatching?"   "We've got lessons, we'll get into trouble, and that's nothing to what 	Hagrid's going to be in when someone finds out what he's doing --"   "Shut up!" Harry whispered.   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	276
240	  good dream.   Tap. Tap. Tap.   "All right," Harry mumbled, "I'm getting up."   He sat up and 	Hagrid's heavy coat fell off him. The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
241	  to do. It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late arriving at 	Hagrid's hut because they'd had to wait for Peeves to get out of their way in 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	295
242	  appeared out of nowhere as he pulled off Harry's invisibility cloak. He had been down at 	Hagrid's hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by the crate.   "It bit 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	291
243	  scudding across it kept throwing them into darkness. Ahead, Harry could see the lighted windows of 	Hagrid's hut. Then they heard a distant shout.   "Is that you, Filch? Hurry up, I want ter 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	300
244	 . Harry heard none of this, though. He was being made a cup of strong tea back in 	Hagrid's hut, with Ron and Hermione.   "It was Snape," Ron was explaining, "Hermione and I saw him. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	219
245	  clamber back on to his broom.   "Neville, you can look!" Ron said. Neville had been sobbing into 	Hagrid's jacket for the last five minutes.   Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	218
246	 ed Neville blissfully, holding out his hands. Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after 	Hagrid's lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	171
247	  must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because he put it back in his pocket and said, "	Hagrid's late. I suppose it was he who told you I'd be here, by the way?"   "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
248	  money, Weasley? Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose -- that hut of 	Hagrid's must seem like a palace compared to what your family's used to."   Ron dived at 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	231
249	  lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail.   Harry hadn't had a single letter since 	Hagrid's note, something that Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course. Malfoy's eagle owl was 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	204
250	 acking twig.   What was going on? Where were the others? At last, a great crunching noise announced 	Hagrid's return. Malfoy, Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneake	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	337
251	  other two. For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; 	Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually sho	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
252	  only a baby, an' you lived."   Something very painful was going on in Harry's mind. As 	Hagrid's story came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more clearly 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
253	 r.   When Harry knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and several booming barks. Then 	Hagrid's voice rang out, saying, "Back, Fang -- back."   Hagrid's big, hairy face appeared in the crack 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	183
254	  looked up at the class. His eyes were black like Hagrid's, but they had none of 	Hagrid's warmth.   They were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels.   "You are here 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	180
255	  Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, Hermione agreed to run down to 	Hagrid's with the other two during morning break. When the bell sounded from the castle at the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	277
256	  was mumbling something. Snape interrupted him.   "Have you found out how to get past that beast of 	Hagrid's yet?"   "B-b-but Severus, I --"   "You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	248
257	  boots were like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets.   "	Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. "At last. And where did you get that motorcycle?"   "Borrowed	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
258	 ' fer half an hour already. All right, Harry, Hermione?"   "I shouldn't be too friendly to them, 	Hagrid," said Filch coldly, they're here to be punished, after all."   "That's why yer late, is 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	303
259	  else to think about as he climbed back into bed. The dog was guarding something.... What had 	Hagrid said? Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hide -- except perhap	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	208
260	  past Fluffy.   "You're the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy. aren't you, 	Hagrid?" said Harry anxiously. "And you wouldn't tell anyone, would you? Not even one of the teachers?"   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	263
261	  of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.   "	Hagrid!" said Harry loudly. "There's an owl "Pay him," Hagrid grunted into the sofa.   "What?"   "He wants	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	61
262	 watch. Norbert! Norbert! Where's Mommy?"   "He's lost his marbles," Ron muttered in Harry's ear.   "	Hagrid," said Harry loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's going to be as long as your 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	287
263	 ngs like parking meters and saying loudly, "See that, Harry? Things these Muggles dream up, eh?"   "	Hagrid," said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "did you say there are dragons 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	82
264	  Harry and pointing at two large ice creams to show he couldn't come in.   "That's 	Hagrid," said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn't.   "He works at Hogwarts."   "Oh," said the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	129
265	 ! I'll never drink again! I should be chucked out an' made ter live as a Muggle!"   "	Hagrid!" said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into h	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	364
266	  on the train that someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn't mentioned the date.   "	Hagrid!" said Harry, "that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday! It might've been happening while we	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	198
267	 ped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.   "Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!" said Hagrid.   "	Hagrid," said Hermione, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?"   Hagrid was about to answer whe	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	281
268	  one hand.   "Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?" Seamus whispered.   "Can't have," 	Hagrid said, his voice shaking. "Can't nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic -- n	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	216
269	 gg.   "Ah," said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er..."   "Where did you get it, 	Hagrid?" said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg. "It must've 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	269
270	 still Fluffy, though," said Hermione.   "Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking 	Hagrid,"   said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them. "I bet there's a book 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	299
271	  relief. "How are yeh?"   He walked forward and shook the centaur's hand.   "Good evening to you, 	Hagrid," said Ronan. He had a deep, sorrowful voice. "Were you going to shoot me?"   "Can't be 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	322
272	  tree. "Malfoy was insultin' his family."   "Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, 	Hagrid," said Snape silkily. "Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isn't more. Move al	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	233
273	  as they stepped inside. It was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair that 	Hagrid sat on to wait. Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	142
274	  black trees. A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into the forest.   "Look there," said 	Hagrid, "see that stuff shinin' on the ground? Silvery stuff? That's unicorn blood. There's a unicorn 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	310
275	  aloud.   "If yeh know where to go," said Hagrid.   Harry had never been to London before. Although 	Hagrid seemed to know where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	88
276	  if it's this badly hurt, an' then we'll be able ter -- GET BEHIND THAT TREE!"   	Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak. He pulled out 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	317
277	  OLD FOOL To TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!"   yelled Uncle Vernon.   But he had finally gone too far. 	Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, "NEVER," he thundered, "- INSULT- ALBUS- DUMBLEDO	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
278	  should be chucked out an' made ter live as a Muggle!"   "Hagrid!" said Harry, shocked to see 	Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard. "Hagrid, he'd have found 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	365
279	 abbed Hagrid's arm.   "Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!"   "You two wait here!" 	Hagrid shouted. "Stay on the path, I'll come back for yeh!"   They heard him crashing away through 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	336
280	 ut.   "Could you write it down?" Harry suggested.   "Nah -can't spell it. All right -- Voldemort. " 	Hagrid shuddered. "Don' make me say it again. Anyway, this -- this wizard, about twenty years ago now, sta	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
281	 , didn't look up until he heard Ron say, "Hagrid! What are you doing in the library?"   	Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back. He looked very out of place in his moleskin 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	250
282	 ' s'pposed ter know. They'll think I've told yeh --"   "See you later, then," said Harry.   	Hagrid shuffled off.   "What was he hiding behind his back?" said Hermione thoughtfully.   "Do you think i	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	253
283	 alf when you got expelled?" said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.   "Er -- yes, they did, yes," said 	Hagrid, shuffling his feet. "I've still got the pieces, though," he added brightly.   "But you don't 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	149
284	 how risky feasts could be. "And you have another visitor."   "Oh, good," said Harry. "Who is it?"   	Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual when he was indoors, Hagrid looked too big 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	362
285	 't bad.   "I know some things," he said. "I can, you know, do math and stuff." But 	Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, "About our world, I mean. Your world. My world. Yer parents' 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
286	 a and the whistling wind could be heard.   "-- a what?" gasped Harry.   "A wizard, o' course," said 	Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
287	 gs...   finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.   "Give him five Knuts," said 	Hagrid sleepily.   "Knuts?"   "The little bronze ones."   Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	64
288	  he was doing it? Hadn't he set a boa constrictor on him? Harry looked back at 	Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.   "See?" said Hagrid. "Harry Potter, n	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
289	 , looking at Fang's long teeth.   "All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," said 	Hagrid. " So me, Harry, an' Hermione'll go one way an' Draco, Neville, an' Fang'll go the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	312
290	 mpatiently. "Unusually bright."   "Yeah, but I was meanin' anythin' unusual a bit nearer home, said 	Hagrid. "So yeh haven't noticed anythin' strange?"   Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer. At last, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	327
291	  that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.   "Bye-bye, Norbert!" 	Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	298
292	  braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when 	Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.   "You never told him? Never told him what was in 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
293	  ... he won't pay for me to go and learn magic."   "Don't worry about that," said 	Hagrid, standing up and scratching his head. "D'yeh think yer parents didn't leave yeh anything?"   "But 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	68
294	 omed.   Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like "Mimblewimble." 	Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.   "But yeh must know about yet mom and dad," he said. "I mean, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
295	  "WEASLEY!"   Ron let go of the front of Malfoy's robes.   "He was provoked, Professor Snape," said 	Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree. "Malfoy was insultin' his family."   "Be th	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	232
296	  wands and --"   "If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won't stop him," growled 	Hagrid. "Stop Lily an' James Potter' s son goin' ter Hogwarts! Yer mad.   His name's been down 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
297	  him down, jus' play him a bit o' music an' he'll go straight off ter sleep --"   	Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.   "I shouldn'ta told yeh that!" he blurted out. "Forget I said it! Hey -	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	357
298	  Halloween ten years ago. You was just a year old.   He came ter yer house an' -- an' --"   	Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew his nose with a sound like a 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
299	 ofessor McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore, sir."   Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, 	Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
300	 ounded dog.   "Shhh!" hissed Professor McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles!"   "S-s-sorry," sobbed 	Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it. "But I c-c-can'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
301	 's lap. Up another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry only realized where they were when 	Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.   "Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves," he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	154
302	 hate them both," said Harry, "Malfoy and Snape."   "Come on, cheer up, it's nearly Christmas," said 	Hagrid. "Tell yeh what, come with me an' see the Great Hall, looks a treat."   So the three 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	234
303	 rst thought was that this was not someone to cross.   "The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said 	Hagrid.   "Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here."   She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	173
304	 , on Harry's forehead.   "You are the Potter boy," he said. "You had better get back to 	Hagrid.   The forest is not safe at this time -- especially for you. Can you ride? It will be 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	340
305	  where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with the Christmas decorations.   "Ah, 	Hagrid, the last tree -- put it in the far corner, would you?"   The hall looked spectacular. Festoons of 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	236
306	 e asked as he counted stitches. Harry took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.   "Good," said 	Hagrid. "There's a list there of everything yeh need."   Harry unfolded a second piece of paper he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	86
307	 -Know-Who was one."   "Vol-, sorry - You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?"   "Years an' years ago," said 	Hagrid.   They bought Harry's school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	135
308	 l books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon....   "Gringotts," said 	Hagrid.   They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops. Standing besid	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	107
309	 page.   "There's a Ministry of Magic?" Harry asked, before he could stop himself.   "'Course," said 	Hagrid. "They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, 0 ' course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	78
310	  a toothless walnut. The low buzz of chatter stopped when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know 	Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, "The usual, Hagrid?" 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	95
311	 d! Did yeh never wonder where yet parents learned it all?"   "All what?" asked Harry.   "ALL WHAT?" 	Hagrid thundered. "Now wait jus' one second!"   He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
312	  were showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Harry made for the counter.   "Morning," said 	Hagrid to a free goblin. "We've come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potter's safe."   "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	111
313	 or Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.   "Welcome," said 	Hagrid, "to Diagon Alley."   He grinned at Harry's amazement. They stepped through the archway. Harry look	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	105
314	  back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.   It was lucky that Harry had tea with 	Hagrid to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	178
315	 d clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to cheer Ron up.   "... and until 	Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about be ing a wizard or about my parents or 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	162
316	  seemed very cold and gloomy after the grounds.   "We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Harry. "	Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	358
317	 . A little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and 	Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.   They walked in silence, their 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	313
318	  bills to Harry so he could buy their tickets.   People stared more than ever on the train. 	Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.   "Still got 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	85
319	  use magic now I've got yeh."   They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at 	Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying.   "Seems a shame ter row, though," said Hagrid, giving Harry another	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	72
320	    "Er -- no," said Harry.   Hagrid looked shocked.   "Sorry," Harry said quickly.   "Sony?" barked 	Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows. "It' s them as should 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
321	  they walked through the little town to the station. Harry couldn't blame them. Not only was 	Hagrid twice as tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like parking meters and	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	81
322	 , askin' fer photos... knew yeh didn' have any... d'yeh like it?"   Harry couldn't speak, but 	Hagrid understood.   Harry made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night. He had 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	372
323	 d.   "Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?" Harry asked.   "Spells -- enchantments," said 	Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke. "They say there's dragons guardin' the highsecurity vaults. A	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	75
324	  find me.... See yeh soon, Harry."   The train pulled out of the station. Harry wanted to watch 	Hagrid until he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	158
325	  keep putting spells on Muggles who've spotted them, to make them forget."   "So what on earths 	Hagrid up to?" said Hermione.   When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an hour 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	256
326	  out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.   "Hi, 	Hagrid, want any help?" Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.   "Nah, I'm all right, thanks, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	230
327	 't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, "that what 	Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	350
328	 mommy!" said Hagrid.   "Hagrid," said Hermione, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?"   	Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face -- he leapt to his feet 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	282
329	  him. The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out.   	Hagrid was beaming.   Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Harry found himself 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	98
330	  ahead. Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that 	Hagrid was behind it.   "Hi, Hagrid, want any help?" Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	229
331	  thing -- ").   Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at the High Table again. 	Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet.   Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore. Pr	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	176
332	 t last, a great crunching noise announced Hagrid's return. Malfoy, Neville, and Fang were with him. 	Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	338
333	  a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table.   "Dragons!" he whispered. "	Hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons! Look at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; Fro	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	254
334	 't he set a boa constrictor on him? Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that 	Hagrid was positively beaming at him.   "See?" said Hagrid. "Harry Potter, not a wizard -- you wait, you'l	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
335	 lking about?" said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.   	Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	352
336	  as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.   	Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	89
337	 "   "Yeh could've died!" sobbed Hagrid. "An' don' say the name!"   "VOLDEMORT!" Harry bellowed, and 	Hagrid was so shocked, he stopped crying. "I've met him and I'm calling him by his 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	368
338	 omething was slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing along the ground. 	Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away.   "I knew 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	318
339	 e interesting.   "I say, look at that man!" said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window. 	Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing at two large ice creams to show he couldn'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	128
340	  an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. 	Hagrid was the only one who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore.   Hagrid would ne	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	346
341	  over the holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said Fred Weasley sadly); 	Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	373
342	  -- and he remembered something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel laugh.   	Hagrid was watching him sadly.   "Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore's orders. Brought y	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
343	  pleased with himself, but Hermione didn't.   "Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," she said.   But 	Hagrid wasn't listening. He was humming merrily as he stoked the fire.   So now they had something 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	273
344	 have yeh seen anythin', Ronan? Anythin' unusual?"   "Mars is bright tonight," Ronan repeated, while 	Hagrid watched him impatiently. "Unusually bright."   "Yeah, but I was meanin' anythin' unusual a bit near	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	326
345	  above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well -- give him here, 	Hagrid -- we'd better get this over with."   Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
346	  stopped crying. "I've met him and I'm calling him by his name. Please cheer up, 	Hagrid, we saved the Stone, it's gone, he can't use it. Have a Chocolate Frog, I'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	369
347	  "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi, didn't look up until he heard Ron say, "	Hagrid! What are you doing in the library?"   Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back.	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	249
348	  bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote. When they had left the shop, he said, "	Hagrid, what's Quidditch?"   "Blimey, Harry, I keep forgettin' how little yeh know -- not knowin' about Qu	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	132
349	 't, Harry, sorry," said Hagrid. Harry noticed him glance at the fire. Harry looked at it, too.   "	Hagrid -- what's that?"   But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	267
350	  back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn't come quickly enough.   They would have felt sorry for 	Hagrid when the time came for him to say good-bye to Norbert if they hadn't been 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	294
351	 re still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.   "You all right, Hermione?" 	Hagrid whispered. "Don' worry, it can't've gone far if it's this badly hurt, an' then 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	316
352	  ice-cold water.   He could see the High Table properly now. At the end nearest him sat 	Hagrid, who caught his eye and gave him the thumbs up. Harry grinned back. And there, in the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	175
353	  the window and jerked it open. The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of 	Hagrid, who didn't wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
354	  we go."   They had reached the station. There was a train to London in five minutes' time. 	Hagrid, who didn't understand "Muggle money," as he called it, gave the bills to Harry so he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	84
355	  shore. Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville and Hermione. "Everyone in?" shouted 	Hagrid, who had a boat to himself. "Right then -- FORWARD!"   And the fleet of little boats moved off 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	168
356	 m. He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't take his eyes off you."   "Rubbish," said 	Hagrid, who hadn't heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands. "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	220
357	 hat."   They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail when they went to tell 	Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.   "I won't let you in," he puffed. "Norbert'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	293
358	 harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.   "Oy, you there! Is this your toad?" said 	Hagrid, who was checking the boats as people climbed out of them.   "Trevor!" cried Neville blissfully, ho	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	170
359	  ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.   "This is Ron," Harry told 	Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.   "Another 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	187
360	  him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puncture.   "Um -- Hagrid?"   "Mm?" said 	Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.   "I haven't got any money -- and you heard Uncle 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	67
361	  sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. 	Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, "Oh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, w	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	152
362	 that Snape liked hardly any of the students.   "But he seemed to really hate me."   "Rubbish!" said 	Hagrid. "Why should he?"   Yet Harry couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	193
363	  Stone, it's gone, he can't use it. Have a Chocolate Frog, I've got loads...."   	Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand and said, "That reminds me. I've got 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	370
364	 ."   "You think it -- wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?"   I would trust 	Hagrid with my life," said Dumbledore.   "I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
365	 oor. Griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks toward them. They climbed in -- 	Hagrid with some difficulty -- and were off.   At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passa	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	118
366	 might be hiding Harry underneath it.   "Hagrid's bringing him."   "You think it -- wise -- to trust 	Hagrid with something as important as this?"   I would trust Hagrid with my life," said Dumbledore.   "I'm	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
367	  up,"   said Ron, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and George. Can I come and meet 	Hagrid with you?"   At five to three they left the castle and made their way across the grounds. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	181
368	  sky, a note clamped in its mouth. Hagrid was the only one who ever sent him letters. 	Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore.   Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy... never... 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	347
369	 s mouth. Hagrid was the only one who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore.   	Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy... never... but -- Harry suddenly jumped to his feet	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	348
370	  of them curses yet, yeh'll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level."   	Hagrid wouldn't let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either ("It says pewter on yer list"), but 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	138
371	  money into a small leather pouch tied to it. Then he flew off through the open window.   	Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.   "Best be Off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	65
372	 gian Ridgeback. They're rare, them."   He looked very pleased with himself, but Hermione didn't.   "	Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," she said.   But Hagrid wasn't listening. He was humming merrily 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	272
373	 've worked that out an' all? Beats me how yeh even know abou' Fluffy."   "Oh, come on, 	Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know, you know everything that goes on 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	260
