1	 .   Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for company. He had decided to call her 	Hedwig, a name he had found in A History of Magic. His school books were very interesting. He 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
2	 aking study schedules for Harry and Ron, too. It was driving them nuts.   Then, one breakfast time, 	Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid.   He had written only two words: It's hatching.   Ron wante	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
3	 rcling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters and packages onto their laps.   	Hedwig hadn't brought Harry anything so far. She sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
4	  around three? I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with 	Hedwig.   Hagrid Harry borrowed Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
5	  was he going to do? He was starting to attract a lot of funny looks, because of 	Hedwig. He'd have to ask someone.   He stopped a passing guard, but didn't dare mention platform 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
6	  through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train. He put 	Hedwig inside first and then started to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door. He tried 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
7	  as she pleased. It was lucky that Aunt Petunia didn't come in to vacuum anymore, because 	Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night before he went to sleep, Harry ticked off another day 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
8	  Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent 	Hedwig off again.   It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
9	  left, he was singing it a lullaby."   There was a tap on the dark window.   "It's 	Hedwig!" said Harry, hurrying to let her in. "She'll have Charlie's answer!"   The three of them 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
10	  Magic. His school books were very interesting. He lay on his bed reading late into the night, 	Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. It was lucky that Aunt Petunia 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
11	  and said, "If anything happens to me, don't follow. Go straight to the owlery and send 	Hedwig to Dumbledore, right?"   "Right," said Ron.   "See you in a minute, I hope...   And Harry let go. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
12	 'll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send 	Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while, but 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
13	 . He checked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure he had everything he needed, saw that 	Hedwig was shut safely in her cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the Dursleys to get 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
