1	  her match; Professor McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and gave 	Hermione a rare smile.   The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense Against the Dark 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
2	 .   "But Snape tried to kill me!"   "No, no, no. I tried to kill you. Your friend Miss 	Granger accidentally knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match. She 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	278
3	  to try and get to the Stone first."   "You're mad!" said Ron.   "You can't!" said 	Hermione. "After what McGonagall and Snape have said? You'll be expelled!"   "SO WHAP" Harry shouted. "Don't	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	227
4	 's face at all.   Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, 	Hermione agreed to run down to Hagrid's with the other two during morning break. When the bell 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	169
5	  stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.   "Granger, Hermione!"   	Hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.   "GRYFFINDOR!" shouted the hat. 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
6	 eedn't have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager."   	Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron said this made him feel ill, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	215
7	  and silent. A little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, 	Hermione, and Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.   They walked in 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	197
8	  could send -an owl to Charlie to ask him.   The following week dragged by. Wednesday night found 	Hermione and Harry sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to bed. The 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	172
9	  badly hurt, an' then we'll be able ter -- GET BEHIND THAT TREE!"   Hagrid seized Harry and 	Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak. He pulled out an arrow and fitted 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	199
10	  strong tea back in Hagrid's hut, with Ron and Hermione.   "It was Snape," Ron was explaining, "	Hermione and I saw him. He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't take his eyes off 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	108
11	 nd started to learn the names of its moons.   The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, 	Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast table. They were all the same: Your detention will take place at 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	193
12	  Bloody Baron's been past twice already."   Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at 	Hermione and Neville.   "If either of you get us caught, I'll never rest until I've learned 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
13	  to Harry during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they called him "the Seeker."   	Hermione and Neville were suffering, too. They didn't have as bad a time as Harry, because they 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	186
14	 .   They went off to lunch.   "You will keep looking while I'm away, won't you?" said 	Hermione. "And send me an owl if you find anything."   "And you could ask your parents if they 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	116
15	  her hands.   "HAVE YOU GONE MAD?" Ron bellowed. "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?"   "Oh, right!" said 	Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	250
16	 eds of candles.   "How many days you got left until yer holidays?" Hagrid asked.   "Just one," said 	Hermione. "And that reminds me -Harry, Ron, we've got half an hour before lunch, we should be 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	111
17	  what do we do, Harry?"   The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron's eyes, but 	Hermione answered before Harry could.   "Go to Dumbledore. That's what we should have done ages ago. If 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	191
18	  had he heard? Harry didn't like the look on Malfoy's face at all.   Ron and 	Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, Hermione agreed to run down to Hagrid'	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	168
19	  faces if we win."   "Just as long as we're not wiping you off the field," said 	Hermione.   As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervous, whatever he told Ron and 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	136
20	 't help cheering with the rest.   "That was far easier than I thought it would be," said 	Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds. "I needn't have learned about 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	214
21	 d the countercurse. Neville's legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling. "What happened?" 	Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit with Harry and Ron.   "Malfoy," said Neville shakily. "I met 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	127
22	  other two about Snape's sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.   "Don't play," said 	Hermione at once.   "Say you're ill," said Ron.   "Pretend to break your leg," Hermione suggested.   "Really	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	124
23	  hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once. He slipped into a seat between Ron and 	Hermione at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were standing up to look 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	287
24	  other, they all said "Thanks," and hurried off to get plates.   But from that moment on, Hermione 	Granger became their friend. There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	89
25	  handed the flute over. In the few seconds' silence, the dog growled and twitched, but the moment 	Hermione began to play, it fell back into its deep sleep.   Harry climbed over it and looked down 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	242
26	  not as good as you," said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of him.   "Me!" said 	Hermione. "Books! And cleverness! There are more important things -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Harry 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	275
27	 , come off it, you don't think we'd let you go alone?"   "Of course not," said 	Hermione briskly. "How do you think you'd get to the Stone without us? I'd better go 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	229
28	 ... for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."   	Hermione buried her face in her arms; Harry strongly suspected she had burst into tears. Gryffindors up and 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	290
29	 , I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong....'\x93   "Oh, shut up," said 	Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for Snape.   "And we'd better stay outside the 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	224
30	  and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.   "It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said 	Hermione, but this didn't soothe Ron at all. On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	175
31	  our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough -- I'm Hermione 	Granger, by the way, who are you.   She said all this very fast.   Harry looked at Ron, and 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
32	 patting his crossbow.   "There's summat bad loose in this forest. This is Harry Potter an' Hermione 	Granger, by the way. Students up at the school. An' this is Ronan, you two. He's a 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	202
33	  least Hermione's on Snape's tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and 	Hermione came in.   "I'm sorry, Harry!" she wailed. "Snape came out and asked me what I was 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	226
34	  and punch him on the nose," Ron suggested. "Excuse me."   They both looked up. It was Hermione 	Granger.   "Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Ron.   Hermione ignored him and spoke 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
35	 's father didn't need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side." He turned to 	Hermione. "Can we help you with something?"   "You'd better hurry up and put your robes on, I'	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
36	 , we 3 re going to be late."   They hadn't even reached the end of the corridor when 	Hermione caught up with them.   "I'm coming with you," she said.   "You are not."   "D'you think 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
37	  and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and 	Hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway.   "What if he's --?"   "He'll be all 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	266
38	  though the teddy was having his head torn off.   "Bye-bye, Norbert!" Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and 	Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.   "Mommy will n	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	179
39	  and the damp "So light a fire!" Harry choked.   "Yes -- of course -- but there's no wood!" 	Hermione cried, wringing her hands.   "HAVE YOU GONE MAD?" Ron bellowed. "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?"   "Oh, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	249
40	  you? The game's over! Harry's won! We've won! Gryffindor is in the lead!" shrieked 	Hermione, dancing up and down on her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.   Harry 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	147
41	  cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe properly again. 	Hermione did a sort of jig.   "Malfoy's got detention! I could sing!"   "Don't," Harry advised her.   	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	180
42	  that book Malfoy took, he's going to know we're getting rid of Norbert."   Harry and 	Hermione didn't get a chance to answer. Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	176
43	  got there's a Norwegian Ridgeback. They're rare, them."   He looked very pleased with himself, but 	Hermione didn't.   "Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," she said.   But Hagrid wasn't listening. He 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	164
44	  in the forest, or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and 	Hermione didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Harry. The idea of Voldemort certainly scared them, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	213
45	  yeh that!" he blurted out. "Forget I said it! Hey -- where're yeh goin'?"   Harry, Ron, and 	Hermione didn't speak to each other at all until they came to a halt in the entrance 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	220
46	 ?" said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable. "She must've noticed she's got no friends."   	Hermione didn't turn up for the next class and wasn't seen all afternoon. On their way 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	66
47	 , didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I could if it was me," said 	Hermione. "Do either of you know what house you'll be in? I've been asking around, and 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
48	  on then, try and hit me!" said Neville, raising his fists. "I'm ready!"   Harry turned to 	Hermione.   "Do something," he said desperately.   Hermione stepped forward.   "Neville," she said, "I'm rea	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	233
49	  up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.   "I don't know," said Harry quietly. "I think 	Hermione does, though, why don't you try her?"   A few people laughed; Harry caught Seamus's eye, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
50	 the Gryffindor common room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing chess. Chess was the only thing 	Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very good for her.   "Don't talk to 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	123
51	  in the water by the shore. Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville and 	Hermione. "Everyone in?" shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to himself. "Right then -- FORWARD!"   And the fleet	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
52	 'd be stuck in here forever."   "But so will we, won't we?" "Of course not," said 	Hermione. "Everything we need is here on this paper. Seven bottles: three are poison; two are wine; one 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	270
53	  he meant you to do it?" said Ron. "Sending you your father's cloak and everything?"   "Well, " 	Hermione exploded, "if he did -- I mean to say that's terrible -- you could have been killed."   "No, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	286
54	  at the school. An' this is Ronan, you two. He's a centaur.)) "We'd noticed," said 	Hermione faintly.   "Good evening," said Ronan. "Students, are you? And do you learn much, up at the school?	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	203
55	 , to get them out of trouble. It was as if Snape had started handing out sweets.   "Miss 	Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this," said Professor McGonagall. "I'm very disappoi	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	84
56	  you do see anythin', let me know, won't yeh? We'll be off, then."   Harry and 	Hermione followed him out of the clearing, staring over their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	205
57	 ast McGonagall's giant chess set!"   At last there was silence again.   "Second -- to Miss Hermione 	Granger... for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."   	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	289
58	 ght Seamus's eye, and Seamus winked.   Snape, however, was not pleased.   "Sit down," he snapped at 	Hermione. "For your information, Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is know	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
59	 wall and wiping his forehead. Neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering.   I -- told -you," 	Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest, "I -- told -- you."   "We've got to get back 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
60	  the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when Dumbledore turns up."   "But what can we --"   	Hermione gasped. Harry and Ron wheeled round.   Snape was standing there.   "Good afternoon," he said smooth	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	222
61	 ed looking frantically at the crowd.   "What are you doing?" moaned Ron, gray-faced.   "I knew it," 	Hermione gasped, "Snape -- look."   Ron grabbed the binoculars. Snape was in the middle of the stands opposi	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	102
62	 cedown.   "Had to let that happen," said Ron, looking shaken. "Leaves you free to take that bishop, 	Hermione, go on."   Every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces showed no mercy.   Soon 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	262
63	  had Hagrid and his crossbow with them.   They had just passed a bend in the path when 	Hermione grabbed Hagrid's arm.   "Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!"   "You two wait here	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	207
64	  each other, they all said "Thanks," and hurried off to get plates.   But from that moment on, 	Hermione Granger became their friend. There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	88
65	  all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough -- I'm 	Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you.   She said all this very fast.   Harry looked at Ron, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
66	  Hagrid, patting his crossbow.   "There's summat bad loose in this forest. This is Harry Potter an' 	Hermione Granger, by the way. Students up at the school. An' this is Ronan, you two. He's 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	201
67	  away and punch him on the nose," Ron suggested. "Excuse me."   They both looked up. It was 	Hermione Granger.   "Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Ron.   Hermione ignored him and 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
68	 er! Got past McGonagall's giant chess set!"   At last there was silence again.   "Second -- to Miss 	Hermione Granger... for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	288
69	 were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd heard footsteps, because a second later, 	Hermione Granger had come in.   "What has been going on?" she said, looking at the sweets all over 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
70	  match and started trying to turn it into a needle. By the end of the lesson, only 	Hermione Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor McGonagall showed the class how it had gone	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
71	  relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye). Ron, however, was to be working with 	Hermione Granger. It was hard to tell whether Ron or Hermione was angrier about this. She hadn't 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
72	 branches of an oak he called, "Come and get it, Potter!"   Harry grabbed his broom.   "No!" shouted 	Hermione Granger. "Madam Hooch told us not to move -- you'll get us all into trouble."   Harry ignored 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
73	 's broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did. 	Hermione Granger's had simply rolled over on the ground, and Neville's hadn't moved at all. 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
74	  it on my own -- you know, because I've read all about them."   Ron dropped his wand. 	Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher? "If they hadn't found me, I'd be 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	79
75	  when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Neville the toadless boy, or 	Hermione Granger this time.   Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
76	 e Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of accidents even with both feet on the ground.   	Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was. This was something you couldn't learn 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
77	 h."   More silence followed this little speech. Harry and Ron exchanged looks with raised eyebrows. 	Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasn'	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
78	  and turned the key, fumbling in their panic. Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside.   	Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint. The troll 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	71
79	 , "I can't believe you're going to do this, Harry."   A lamp flickered on. It was 	Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.   "You!" said Ron furiously. "Go back to bed!"   "I 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
80	 d around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified, too. No one was talking much except 	Hermione Granger, who was whispering very fast about all the spells she'd learned and wondering which one 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
81	  if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too."   "Not if I can help it," said 	Hermione grimly. "Flitwick told me in secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam. 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	230
82	 'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Harry left the library. He, Ron, and 	Hermione had already agreed they'd better not ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel. They were 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	114
83	  fall.   Come on, Hermione!"   The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog, but 	Hermione had already jumped. She landed on Harry's other side.   "We must be miles under the school , 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	244
84	 aying Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.   	Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	90
85	  why they had both brought their wands to the match. Little did Harry know that Ron and 	Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker Curse. They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	140
86	  rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd heard footsteps, because a second later, Hermione 	Granger had come in.   "What has been going on?" she said, looking at the sweets all over the 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
87	 om," said Hermione.   "What should we do?"   "Leave it to me."   Before Ron could say another word, 	Hermione had disappeared. Ron turned the binoculars back on Harry. His broom was vibrating so hard, it was 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	104
88	  astronomy tower. It's one o'clock in the morning. Explain yourselves."   It was the first time 	Hermione had ever failed to answer a teacher's question. She was staring at her slippers, as still 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	184
89	 e and scored five times without anyone noticing.   "Come on, Hermione," Ron muttered desperately.   	Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and was now racing along the 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	106
90	 , we don't mind," he said. "You'd think we dragged her along, wouldn't you.   But 	Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he climbed back into bed. The dog was 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
91	  pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog, the very last one from the box 	Hermione had given him for Christmas. He gave it to Neville, who looked as though he might cry.   "	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	129
92	  that locked up in a school?" said Ron finally. "If any dog needs exercise, that one does."   	Hermione had got both her breath and her bad temper back again. "You don't use your eyes, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
93	  and started trying to turn it into a needle. By the end of the lesson, only Hermione 	Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
94	 t of the shadows.   "Please, Professor McGonagall -- they were looking for me."   "Miss Granger!"   	Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last.   I went looking for the troll because I -- 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	78
95	 Harry and Ron, their legs had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.   	Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on her. Now she watched 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	246
96	 n sighed, as evening after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were getting. 	Hermione had now started making study schedules for Harry and Ron, too. It was driving them nuts.   Then, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	165
97	 for President, and Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion underneath. Then 	Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.   Meanwhile, in the	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	99
98	  time as Harry, because they weren't as well-known, but nobody would speak to them, either. 	Hermione had stopped drawing attention to herself in class, keeping her head down and working in silence.   	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	187
99	 , the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.   	Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand -- not knowing what he 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	75
100	  on the train home tomorrow, you're so --"   But what they were, they didn't find out. 	Hermione had turned to the portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and found herself facing 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
101	 . There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.   "You all right, 	Hermione?" Hagrid whispered. "Don' worry, it can't've gone far if it's this badly hurt, an' 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	198
102	 , "she's a nightmare, honestly. \x93   Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past him. It was 	Hermione.   Harry caught a glimpse of her face -- and was startled to see that she was in tears.   "	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	65
103	  cloak, I won't need it now."   "Don't be stupid," said Ron.   "We're coming," said 	Hermione.   Harry pushed the door open.   As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears. All thre	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	237
104	  the racket you two were makin'. Right, we're changin' groups -- Neville, you stay with me an' 	Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an' this idiot. I'm sorry," Hagrid added in a whisper to 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	209
105	 ain."   Hermione's lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her arms around him.   "	Hermione!"   "Harry -- you're a great wizard, you know."   "I'm not as good as you," said Harry, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	274
106	  his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and 	Hermione he was going to ask Snape if he could have it.   "Better you than me," they said 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	94
107	 , sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.   "Granger, 	Hermione!"   Hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.   "GRYFFINDOR!" shoute	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
108	 oice came out of the shadows.   "Please, Professor McGonagall -- they were looking for me."   "Miss 	Granger!"   Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last.   I went looking for the troll because 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	77
109	  line, sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.   "	Granger, Hermione!"   Hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.   "GRYFFINDO	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
110	 gers, showing pointed fangs.   "Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!" said Hagrid.   "Hagrid," said 	Hermione, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?"   Hagrid was about to answer when the color sudd	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	170
111	  wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. Hermione wouldn't hear of it.   "	Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatching?"   "We've got 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	167
112	 uraging sort of smile, and Ron had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell's stutter.   	Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer's Stone. She had started drawing up study 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	152
113	 .   The common room was packed and noisy. Everyone was eating the food that had been sent up. 	Hermione, however, stood alone by the door, waiting for them. There was a very embarrassed pause. Then, none	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	87
114	 , "Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?"   	Hermione hung her head. Harry was speechless. Hermione was the last person to do anything against the rules,	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	82
115	 ," said Harry. He had turned white.   "We've got to go and see Hagrid, now."   "Why?" panted 	Hermione, hurrying to keep up.   "Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, scrambling up 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	219
116	  hero was.   "So what happened to you two?" said Harry.   "Well, I got back all right," said 	Hermione. "I brought Ron round -- that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	285
117	  the rustling of leaves around them.   "You don't think they've been hurt, do you?" whispered 	Hermione.   "I don't care if Malfoy has, but if something's got Neville... it's our fault 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	208
118	 t either.   "I'm Ron Weasley," Ron muttered.   "Harry Potter," said Harry.   "Are you really?" said 	Hermione. "I know all about you, of course -- I got a few extra books. for background reading, and 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
119	 've got to eat some breakfast."   "I don't want anything."   "Just a bit of toast," wheedled 	Hermione.   "I'm not hungry."   Harry felt terrible. In an hour's time he'd be walking onto 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	97
120	  see you? What if they walk into you? What if you knock something over?"   "You sound like 	Hermione."   "I'm serious, Harry, don't go."   But Harry only had one thought in his head, which 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	120
121	  his shoulder.   "Abou' time," he said. "I bin waitin' fer half an hour already. All right, Harry, 	Hermione?"   "I shouldn't be too friendly to them, Hagrid," said Filch coldly, they're here to be 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	195
122	  out of bed in one night! I've never heard of such a thing before! You, Miss 	Granger, I thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. Potter, I thought Gryffindor meant more to 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	185
123	 -"   He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at Ron and 	Hermione.   "I've found him!" he whispered. "I've found Flamel! I told you I'd read the 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	130
124	  Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match.   "I'm going to play," he told Ron and 	Hermione. "If I don't, all the Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face Snape. 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	135
125	 ," he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans he'd gotten from 	Hermione. "If that's what I think it is -- they're really rare, and really valuable."   "What is 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	119
126	  up. It was Hermione Granger.   "Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Ron.   	Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.   "I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying --" 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
127	  looking for.   "I knew it! I knew it!"   "Are we allowed to speak yet?" said Ron grumpily. 	Hermione ignored him.   "Nicolas Flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known maker of the Sorcer	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	133
128	  stop me! Voldemort killed my parents, remember?"   He glared at them.   "You're right Harry," said 	Hermione in a small voice.   "I'll use the invisibility cloak," said Harry. "It's just lucky I 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	228
129	 n here because people outside are behaving very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said 	Hermione in a sniffy voice. "And you've got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
130	  want to tell us, but you do know, you know everything that goes on round here," said 	Hermione in a warm, flattering voice. Hagrid's beard twitched and they could tell he was smiling. "We 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	159
131	  --"   "So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape?" said 	Hermione in alarm.   "It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.   CHAPTER FOURTEEN   NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN R	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	150
132	  on, Madam Pomfrey..."   "Oh, very well," she said. "But five minutes only."   And she let Ron and 	Hermione in.   "Harry!"   Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was glad she 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	281
133	  his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and 	Hermione in the distance, jumping up and down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.   Harry had reached t	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	148
134	  threw it as hard as he could against the wall.   The troll stopped a few feet from 	Hermione. It lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise. Its mean little eyes saw 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	73
135	 , because Neville had been trying to catch his eye). Ron, however, was to be working with Hermione 	Granger. It was hard to tell whether Ron or Hermione was angrier about this. She hadn't spoken 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	60
136	 . He was being made a cup of strong tea back in Hagrid's hut, with Ron and 	Hermione.   "It was Snape," Ron was explaining, "Hermione and I saw him. He was cursing your broomstick, mut	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	107
137	 as a nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.   Five minutes later, Ron and 	Hermione joined him, shaking their heads.   They went off to lunch.   "You will keep looking while I'm 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	115
138	  in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going on sometimes.   Ron and 	Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row. As a surprise 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	98
139	  the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel'!"   	Hermione jumped to her feet. She hadn't looked so excited since they'd gotten back the marks 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	131
140	  away. All the studying he had to do kept his mind off his misery. He, Ron, and 	Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	188
141	 all, you'd better get off to Gryffindor tower. Students are finishing the feast in their houses."   	Hermione left.   Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.   "Well, I still say you were lucky, but not 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	85
142	  and the second on the right Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.   	Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	268
143	  teeth.   "All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," said Hagrid. " So me, Harry, an' 	Hermione'll go one way an' Draco, Neville, an' Fang'll go the other.   Now, if any of 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	196
144	 der the school , she said.   "Lucky this plant thing's here, really," said Ron.   "Lucky!" shrieked 	Hermione. "Look at you both!"   She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. She had to struggle 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	245
145	  the field, something that Ron noticed, too.   "I've never seen Snape look so mean," he told 	Hermione. "Look -they're off Ouch!"   Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head. It was 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	142
146	  on next to him in the stands. "Why would Snape do somethin' like that?"   Harry, Ron, and 	Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell him. Harry decided on the truth.   "I found out 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	109
147	 're not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That'll take a lot of explaining."   	Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn't.   "If we just do a bit of poking around --"   "No," said 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	192
148	 "Oh, very well," she said. "But five minutes only."   And she let Ron and Hermione in.   "Harry!"   	Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was glad she held herself in 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	282
149	  Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off... Well, I suppose Bane'll be happy."   	Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.   "Harry, everyone says Dumbledore's the onl	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	212
150	 on and Hermione.   "See you over the summer, then."   "Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said 	Hermione, looking uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant.   "Oh, I will,	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	295
151	 of an oak he called, "Come and get it, Potter!"   Harry grabbed his broom.   "No!" shouted Hermione 	Granger. "Madam Hooch told us not to move -- you'll get us all into trouble."   Harry ignored her. 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
152	  us?" said Harry.   "Yes, don't stop now," said Ron, "it's doing us so much good."   	Hermione marched away with her nose in the air.   Harry had a lot of trouble keeping his mind 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
153	 's told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell --"   "There's still Fluffy, though," said 	Hermione.   "Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,"   said Ron, looking up 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	190
154	  talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.   Ron and 	Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to Neville, who couldn't understand why they 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	139
155	  in horror.   "What've you done to him?" Harry whispered.   "It's the full Body-Bind," said 	Hermione miserably. "Oh, Neville, I'm so sorry."   "We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Harry.   "	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	236
156	  warm, when Snape crossed the yard. Harry noticed at once that Snape was limping. Harry, Ron, and 	Hermione moved closer together to block the fire from view; they were sure it wouldn't be allowed. 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	91
157	  he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.   "Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," 	Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.   "I know," Ron snapped. "Don't nag."   Back 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	141
158	 play our way across the room."   Behind the white pieces they could see another door.   "How?" said 	Hermione nervously.   "I think," said Ron, "we're going to have to be chessmen."   He walked up to 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	258
159	  holidays weren't nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones. It was hard to relax with 	Hermione next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragon's blood or practicing wand movements. Moaning and 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	156
160	  to pull the door open," said Ron, peering over the dog's back. "Want to go first, 	Hermione?"   "No, I don't!"   "All right." Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dog's 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	239
161	 .   Neville stared at their guilty faces.   "You're going out again," he said.   "No, no, no," said 	Hermione. "No, we're not. Why don't you go to bed, Neville?"   Harry looked at the grandfather 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	232
162	  come, but come they did. To their great surprise, both he and Ron passed with good marks; 	Hermione, of course, had the best grades of the first years. Even Neville scraped through, his good Herbolog	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	292
163	 targazers. Not interested in anythin' closer'n the moon."   "Are there many of them in here?" asked 	Hermione.   "Oh, a fair few... Keep themselves to themselves mostly, but they're good enough about turnin' u	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	206
164	 ," said Ron.   "It'd be safe to ask them."   "Very safe, as they're both dentists," said 	Hermione.   Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time to think much 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	117
165	  I've learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.   	Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
166	 more they strained against it, the tighter and faster the plant wound around them.   "Stop moving!" 	Hermione ordered them. "I know what this is -- it's Devil's Snare!"   "Oh, I'm so glad 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	247
167	  at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put 	Hermione out of their minds.   A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	68
168	  Ron, grinning at him.   "Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Harry.   He, Ron, and 	Hermione passed through the gateway together. "There he is, Mom, there he is, look!"   It was Ginny Weasley,	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	293
169	  of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the Gryffindor common room, where he found Ron and 	Hermione playing chess. Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	122
170	 swallow."   They looked at each other.   "Which one will get you back through the purple flames?"   	Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.   "You drink that," said Harry. "	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	272
171	  rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face, stiff as a board.   	Hermione ran to turn him over. Neville's jaws were jammed together so he couldn't speak. Only 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	235
172	 Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.   "We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said 	Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.   "See Professor Dumbledore?" Professor McGonagall repeated	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	221
173	  us back through the purple."   "But how do we know which to drink?"   "Give me a minute."   	Hermione read the paper several times. Then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	271
174	  and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it. Right, NOW!"   Ron dived, 	Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	255
175	 , make the 'gar' nice and long."   "You do it, then, if you're so clever," Ron snarled.   	Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, "Wingardium Leviosa!"   Their feathe	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	63
176	  fell.   Marcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.   "Come on, 	Hermione," Ron muttered desperately.   Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, an	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	105
177	  turned a nasty shade of green. It looked as if Norbert's fangs were poisonous.   Harry and 	Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	173
178	  forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand. Ron and 	Hermione's cheers echoed around the high chamber.   They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	256
179	  above their heads.   "Oh, well done!" cried Professor Flitwick, clapping. "Everyone see here, Miss 	Granger's done it!"   Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class. "It'	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	64
180	  it's guarding! And Id bet my broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!"   	Hermione's eyes were wide.   "No -- he wouldn't, she said. "I know he's not very nice, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	95
181	  should have gotten more than ten points," Ron grumbled.   "Five, you mean, once she's taken off 	Hermione's."   "Good of her to get us out of trouble like that," Ron admitted. "Mind you, we 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	86
182	  broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did. Hermione 	Granger's had simply rolled over on the ground, and Neville's hadn't moved at all. Perhaps 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
183	  what to an infusion of what? Harry glanced at Ron, who looked as stumped as he was; 	Hermione's hand had shot into the air.   "I don't know, sit," said Harry.   Snape's lips 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
184	 ry.   Snape's lips curled into a sneer.   "Tut, tut -- fame clearly isn't everything."   He ignored 	Hermione's hand.   "Let's try again. Potter, where would you look if I told you to find 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
185	 , but below that was a horse's gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail. Harry and 	Hermione's jaws dropped.   "Oh, it's you, Ronan," said Hagrid in relief. "How are yeh?"   He walked 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	200
186	  that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but everybody else was very pleased when 	Hermione's lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail.   Harry hadn't had a single letter 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
187	  was lucky once, wasn't I?" said Harry, pointing at his scar.   "I might get lucky again."   	Hermione's lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her arms around him.   "Hermione!"   "Ha	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	273
188	  own house!" Harry and Ron went back to the common room, Harry had just said, "At least 	Hermione's on Snape's tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	225
189	 , although you were doing very well on your own, I must say.   "You got there? You got 	Hermione's owl?"   "We must have crossed in midair. No sooner had I reached London than it became 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	280
190	 expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi? Snape was still ignoring 	Hermione's quivering hand.   "What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?"   At this, H	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
191	 ... it means danger's coming...."   Ron couldn't get worked up, it was too hot.   "Harry, relax, 	Hermione's right, the Stone's safe as long as Dumbledore's around. Anyway, we've never had 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	217
192	  bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open.   "What can you see?" 	Hermione said anxiously.   "Nothing -- just black -- there's no way of climbing down, we'll just have to 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	240
193	 itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.   "Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, 	Hermione," said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.   "Yeah," said Ron, "	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	251
194	  that there was something he'd forgotten to do, something important. When he tried to explain this, 	Hermione said, "That's just the exams. I woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfiguration 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	218
195	 e've got to get back to Gryffindor tower," said Ron, "quickly as possible."   "Malfoy tricked you," 	Hermione said to Harry. "You realize that, don't you? He was never going to meet you -- Filch 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
196	  him," said Ron bitterly.   The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Harry, Ron, and 	Hermione sat together next to a window. Hermione was checking Harry and Ron's Charms homework for them. 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	92
197	 . She struck Ron hard across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor - 	Hermione screamed but stayed on her square - the white queen dragged Ron to one side. He looked as 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	265
198	 he ground. Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.   "Come on, Harry!" 	Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	146
199	  gasped in all the right places, and when Harry told them what was under Quirrell's turban, 	Hermione screamed out loud.   "So the Stone's gone?" said Ron finally. "Flamel's just going to die?"   "	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	284
200	 't got all day." He walked away.   Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and 	Hermione.   "See you over the summer, then."   "Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said Hermione, looki	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	294
201	 he same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward.   They were trapped.   "Look!" 	Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. Harry looked over her shoulder to read 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	267
202	  except powerful Dark magic -- no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand."   At these words, 	Hermione seized Hagrid's binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	101
203	 ul!"   "You drink first," said Harry. "You are sure which is which, aren't you?"   "Positive," said 	Hermione. She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered.   "It's not 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	276
204	 looked like black stone. Facing them, way across the chamber, were the white pieces. Harry, Ron and 	Hermione shivered slightly -- the towering white chessmen had no faces.   "Now what do we do?" Harry whisper	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	257
205	 ld suspend Norbert between them.   They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and 	Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.   At last, Norbert was going... going... go	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	182
206	 ..." said Ron softly, "It's the only way... I've got to be taken."   "NOF Harry and 	Hermione shouted.   "That's chess!" snapped Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices! I take one step 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	264
207	 , they didn't have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues.   Neither Neville nor 	Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Neville cared ab	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
208	 Leviosa!" he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.   "You're saying it wrong," Harry heard 	Hermione snap. "It's Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the 'gar' nice and long."   "You do 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	62
209	 athrobe and a frown.   "You!" said Ron furiously. "Go back to bed!"   "I almost told your brother," 	Hermione snapped, "Percy -- he's a prefect, he'd put a stop to this."   Harry couldn't believe 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
210	 , but she kept nagging them to do the same.   "Hermione, the exams are ages away."   "Ten weeks," 	Hermione snapped. "That's not ages, that's like a second to Nicolas Flamel."   "But we're not 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	154
211	  could hear footsteps, Filch running as fast as he could toward Peeves's shouts.   "Oh, move over," 	Hermione snarled. She grabbed Harry's wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, 'Alohomora!"   The lock clicked 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
212	  you sure?" said Ron. "I don't know how deep this thing goes. Give the flute to 	Hermione so she can keep him asleep."   Harry handed the flute over. In the few seconds' silence, the 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	241
213	 ould see Quirrell, standing quite still as though he was petrified.   "Harry, where have you been?" 	Hermione squeaked.   "We won! You won! We won!" shouted Ron, thumping Harry on the back. "And I gave 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	149
214	 ir, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.   "Budge up there, move along."   "Hagrid!"   Ron and 	Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.   "Bin watchin' from me hut," said Hagr	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	100
215	  taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing. "Ron, you come at it from above -- 	Hermione, stay below and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it. Right, NOW!"   	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	254
216	 . I suppose we've got to take the place of three of the black pieces...."   Harry and 	Hermione stayed quiet, watching Ron think. Finally he said, "Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	259
217	 aising his fists. "I'm ready!"   Harry turned to Hermione.   "Do something," he said desperately.   	Hermione stepped forward.   "Neville," she said, "I'm really, really sorry about this."   She raised her wan	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	234
218	 e's quivering hand.   "What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?"   At this, 	Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.   "I don't know," said Harry quietly. "I 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
219	 re?"   Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and cheers from the crowd. 	Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.   "	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	145
220	  had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted from the Gryffindor table. Harry, Ron, and 	Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	291
221	 's try again. Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?"   	Hermione stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without her leaving her seat, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
222	 he breaking point with anxiety about Harry.   "I'm warning you, Malfoy -- one more word "Ron!" said 	Hermione suddenly, "Harry --"   "What? Where?"   Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	144
223	  scar keeps hurting -- it's happened before, but never as often as this."   "Go to Madam Pomfrey," 	Hermione suggested.   "I'm not ill," said Harry. "I think it's a warning... it means danger's 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	216
224	 't play," said Hermione at once.   "Say you're ill," said Ron.   "Pretend to break your leg," 	Hermione suggested.   "Really break your leg," said Ron.   "I can't," said Harry. "There isn't a reserve 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	125
225	  on my own -- you know, because I've read all about them."   Ron dropped his wand. Hermione 	Granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher? "If they hadn't found me, I'd be dead 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	80
226	 , he'd do nothin' of the sort."   "So why did he just try and kill Harry?" cried 	Hermione.   The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about Snape.   I know a jinx 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	110
227	 .   "Dunno, some sort of plant thing. I suppose it's here to break the fall.   Come on, 	Hermione!"   The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog, but Hermione had already jumped.	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	243
228	  notes.   Harry and Ron wouldn't have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the same.   "	Hermione, the exams are ages away."   "Ten weeks," Hermione snapped. "That's not ages, that's like a 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	153
229	  swooping down out of the darkness.   Charlie's friends were a cheery lot. They showed Harry and 	Hermione the harness they'd rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them.   They all helped buckle 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	181
230	 .   As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervous, whatever he told Ron and 	Hermione. The rest of the team wasn't too calm, either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	137
231	 t's gotten into me...."   Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines as 	Hermione. They piled so much homework on them that the Easter holidays weren't nearly as much fun 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	155
232	  up.   "Oh, no," said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.   "It's the girls' bathroom!" Harry gasped.   "	Hermione!" they said together.   It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	70
233	 mora charm.   "Now what?" said Ron.   "These birds... they can't be here just for decoration," said 	Hermione.   They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering -- glittering? "They're not birds!" Harry sa	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	253
234	 arry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.   "Brilliant," said 	Hermione. "This isn't magic -- it's logic -- a puzzle.   A lot of the greatest wizards haven't 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	269
235	 hich was very tasty.   His next present also contained candy -- a large box of Chocolate Frogs from 	Hermione.   This only left one parcel. Harry picked it up and felt it. It was very light. He 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	118
236	  the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione 	Granger this time.   Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the pale 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
237	 e you later, then," said Harry.   Hagrid shuffled off.   "What was he hiding behind his back?" said 	Hermione thoughtfully.   "Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?"   "I'm going to see 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	157
238	  Ronan. "Students, are you? And do you learn much, up at the school?"   "Erm --"   "A bit," said 	Hermione timidly.   "A bit. Well, that's something." Ronan sighed. He flung back his head and stared at 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	204
239	  still had detentions to do in the furor over the points they'd lost. He half expected 	Hermione to complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didn't say a 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	194
240	  this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading."   "Light?" said Ron, but 	Hermione told him to be quiet until she'd looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	132
241	 r size of the library; tens of thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.   	Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to search while Ron strode off 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	113
242	  on the white pieces and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron, and 	Hermione took.   "White always plays first in chess," said Ron, peering across the board.   "Yes... look..."	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	261
243	  followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn't budge, not even when 	Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.   "Now what?" said Ron.   "These birds... they can't be here just for 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	252
244	 't have hit him at the Quidditch match, that's why he's doing this."   Harry and 	Hermione tried to calm Ron down.   "It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Hermione, but 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	174
245	  toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.   "Come on, run, run!" Harry yelled at 	Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldn't move, she was still flat against 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	74
246	 No -- but it's like ice."   "Quick, go, before it wears off."   "Good luck -- take care."   "GO!"   	Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.   Harry took a deep breath and picked up the 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	277
247	  that dog's guardin'."   "We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all," said 	Hermione.   "Unless you'd like to tell us and save us the trouble?" Harry added. "We must've 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	112
248	 ibrary. He said he'd been looking for someone to practice that on."   "Go to Professor McGonagall!" 	Hermione urged Neville. "Report him!"   Neville shook his head.   "I don't want more trouble," he mumbled.  	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	128
249	 .   Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week made Harry, Ron, and 	Hermione very nervous. They spent most of their free time in Hagrid's darkened hut, trying to reason 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	171
250	  baby, after all."   The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the windows rattle. Harry and 	Hermione walked back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn't come quickly enough.   They would have felt sor	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	178
251	  managed to have an extraordinary number of accidents even with both feet on the ground.   Hermione 	Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was. This was something you couldn't learn by 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
252	 ). Ron, however, was to be working with Hermione Granger. It was hard to tell whether Ron or 	Hermione was angrier about this. She hadn't spoken to either of them since the day Harry's 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	61
253	  common room was very noisy that evening. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat together next to a window. 	Hermione was checking Harry and Ron's Charms homework for them. She would never let them copy ("How 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	93
254	 all for the Halloween feast, Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that 	Hermione was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone.   Ron looked still more awkward 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	67
255	  and found herself facing an empty painting. The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and 	Hermione was locked out of Gryffindor tower.   "Now what am I going to do?" she asked shrilly.   "That'	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
256	  underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Neville cared about was never going near the dog again.   	Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and Ron, but she was such a bossy know-it-	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
257	 e silence followed this little speech. Harry and Ron exchanged looks with raised eyebrows. Hermione 	Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasn't 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
258	 him to die."   "Do you mean," Harry croaked, "that was Vol-"   "Harry! Harry, are you all right?"   	Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along behind her.   "I'm fine," said Harry, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	210
259	 turned the key, fumbling in their panic. Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside.   Hermione 	Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint. The troll was 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	72
260	  Harry any more, after all. This was the first night he hadn't been upset by it. 	Hermione was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come across one of the enchantments they were about 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	231
261	  you think that's a reward for breaking rules?" came an angry voice from just behind them. 	Hermione was stomping up the stairs, looking disapprovingly at the package in Harry's hand.   "I thought you	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
262	  his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given in at last.   Harry went back to the library, where 	Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them what he'd heard.   "Snape's done it, then!" 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	189
263	 ou think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?"   Hermione hung her head. Harry was speechless. 	Hermione was the last person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending she had, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	83
264	  study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other. 	Hermione was trembling. Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up stories chased each other around Harry's brain, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	183
265	  said to Ron. He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climbed through the hole.   	Hermione wasn't going to give up that easily. She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
266	  them leave, saying Ron needed sleep.   "It's too late to change the plan now," Harry told 	Hermione. "We haven't got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	177
267	  can't believe you're going to do this, Harry."   A lamp flickered on. It was Hermione 	Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.   "You!" said Ron furiously. "Go back to bed!"   "I almost 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
268	  from curling around his neck. "Shut up, I'm trying to remember how to kill it!" said 	Hermione.   "Well, hurry up, I can't breathe!" Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	248
269	  him, apart from you."   Hagrid's chest swelled at these last words. Harry and Ron beamed at 	Hermione.   "Well, I don' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that... let's see... he borrowed 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	161
270	 , ter be honest."   "But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?" said 	Hermione.   "Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said Hagrid, pulling a large book from under his pillow. "	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	163
271	  twitched and they could tell he was smiling. "We only wondered who had done the guarding, really." 	Hermione went on. "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, apart from you."   Hagrid's 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	160
272	 he wild rumors. Harry told them everything: Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and 	Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry told them 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	283
273	  limp black players slumped along the wall.   Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and 	Hermione were in danger. He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white pieces as they 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	263
274	  Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad."   On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and 	Hermione were talking about lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
275	 ? Look, Snape helped protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it."   Harry knew Ron and 	Hermione were thinking the same as he was. If Snape had been in on protecting the Stone, it 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	162
276	  knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the next afternoon, that Ron and 	Hermione were wondering whether they'd ever see him alive again. This wasn't what you'd call 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	138
277	  through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Ron's arm.   "I've just thought -- 	Hermione."   "What about her?"   "She doesn't know about the troll."   Ron bit his lip.   "Oh, all right," 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	69
278	 . In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide-eyed as Harry began to tell him and 	Hermione what had happened in the forest.   Harry couldn't sit down. He paced up and down in 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	211
279	 rry and was muttering nonstop under his breath.   "He's doing something -- jinxing the broom," said 	Hermione.   "What should we do?"   "Leave it to me."   Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disap	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	103
280	  enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).   "See?" said 	Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished. "The dog must be guarding Flamel's Sorcerer's Stone! I 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	134
281	  Muggles who've spotted them, to make them forget."   "So what on earths Hagrid up to?" said 	Hermione.   When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an hour later, they were surprised 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	158
282	  the staring eyes, Harry looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. He heard 	Hermione whisper, "Its bewitched to look like the sky outside. I read about it in Hogwarts, A History."   	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
283	  madly in their direction, even though it couldn't see them.   "What's that at its feet?" 	Hermione whispered.   "Looks like a harp," said Ron. "Snape must have left it there."   "It must wake up 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	238
284	  was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said Ron, when Harry told him about these drearns.   	Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things. She was torn 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	121
285	 nswer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him. 	Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was circling 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	143
286	  have had to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor tower.   Everyone fell over laughing except 	Hermione, who leapt up and performed the countercurse. Neville's legs sprang apart and he got to his 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	126
287	 . Ron was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.   It was 	Hermione who spoke first.   "Is it -- dead?"   I don't think so," said Harry, I think it's 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	76
288	 anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified, too. No one was talking much except Hermione 	Granger, who was whispering very fast about all the spells she'd learned and wondering which one she'	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
289	 , and confiscated it."   "How long have I been in here?"   "Three days. Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss 	Granger will be most relieved you have come round, they have been extremely worried."   "But sit, the Stone	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	279
290	  as though he'd cracked yet.   Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and 	Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside. Snape was 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	151
291	  two words: It's hatching.   Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. 	Hermione wouldn't hear of it.   "Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	166
292	  keep an eye on Snape -- wait outside the staff room and follow him if he leaves it. 	Hermione, you'd better do that."   "Why me?"   "It's obvious," said Ron. "You can pretend to be 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	223
293	 to them.   "Well -- in that case..." said Professor McGonagall, staring at the three of them, "Miss 	Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?"   Hermione hung 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	81
294	  quickly. "Just tell us what to do."   "Well, Harry, you take the place of that bishop, and 	Hermione, YOU 90 next to him instead of that castle."   "What about you?"   "I'm going to be a 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	260
295	 s not very nice, but he wouldn't try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe."   "Honestly, 	Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,"   snapped Ron. "I'm with Harry. I wouldn't 	orcerer's Stone.txt	0	96
