1	 he second week of the term. Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam 	Hooch.   "And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
2	  to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.   Their teacher, Madam 	Hooch, arrived. She had short, gray hair, and yellow eyes like a hawk.   "Well, what are you all 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
3	  the twigs stuck out at odd angles.   "Stick out your right hand over your broom," called Madam 	Hooch at the front, "and say 'Up!"' "UPF everyone shouted.   Harry's broom jumped into his hand at 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
4	 felt braver.   "Mount your brooms, please."   Harry clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.   Madam 	Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.   Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
5	  for years.   "Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard," said Madam 	Hooch. "Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come straight back down by leaning forward 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
6	  and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam 	Hooch's lips.   "Come back, boy!" she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
7	  broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear life.   "Foul!" screamed the Gryffindors.   Madam 	Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor. But 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
8	  voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground.   Madam 	Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
9	 led, "Come and get it, Potter!"   Harry grabbed his broom.   "No!" shouted Hermione Granger. "Madam 	Hooch told us not to move -- you'll get us all into trouble."   Harry ignored her. Blood was 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
10	 igher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.   Madam 	Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.   "Broken wrist," Harry heard her mutter. "Come	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
11	 , hoping his knees weren't going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.   Madam 	Hooch was refereeing. She stood in the middle of the field waiting for the two teams, her broom 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
12	 ch.' Come on, dear."   Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam 	Hooch, who had her arm around him.   No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
