1	 , the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.   "Better get the cloak," Ron muttered, as Lee 	Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning. Harry ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. He putted out the	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
2	  old woman sigh.   A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.   "Give us a look, 	Lee, go on."   The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
3	 finding it difficult not to take sides.   "So -- after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating "	Jordan!" growled Professor McGonagall.   "I mean, after that open and revolting foul 'Jordan, I'm warning 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
4	  of cheating "Jordan!" growled Professor McGonagall.   "I mean, after that open and revolting foul '	Jordan, I'm warning you --"   "All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
5	   Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.   "Better get the cloak," Ron muttered, as 	Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning. Harry ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. He putted 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
6	  be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us."   "Anyway, we've got to go, 	Lee Jordan reckons he's found a new secret passageway out of the school."   "Bet it's that 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
7	  nose.   "Hey, Ron."   The twins were back.   "Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- 	Lee Jordan's got a giant tarantula down there."   "Right," mumbled Ron.   "Harry," said the other twin,	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
8	 l is, and rather attractive, too --"   "JORDAN!"   "Sorry, Professor."   The Weasley twins' friend, 	Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.   "And she	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
9	 , was on Dean's side.   "They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air."   	Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.   "So -- after that obvious and disgusting bit o	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
10	 ad time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.   "Slytherin in possession," 	Lee Jordan was saying, "Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds towa	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
11	  still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Harry hadn't broken any rules and 	Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results -- Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy poin	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
12	  ill, so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree. The Weasley twins and 	Lee Jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows. "No 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
13	  good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us."   "Anyway, we've got to go, Lee 	Jordan reckons he's found a new secret passageway out of the school."   "Bet it's that one 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
14	 .   "Hey, Ron."   The twins were back.   "Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- Lee 	Jordan's got a giant tarantula down there."   "Right," mumbled Ron.   "Harry," said the other twin, "did w	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
15	 a Johnson of Gryffindor -- what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too --"   "	JORDAN!"   "Sorry, Professor."   The Weasley twins' friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the m	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
16	 , and rather attractive, too --"   "JORDAN!"   "Sorry, Professor."   The Weasley twins' friend, Lee 	Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.   "And she's real	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
17	  on Dean's side.   "They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air."   Lee 	Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.   "So -- after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheat	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
18	 ime to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.   "Slytherin in possession," Lee 	Jordan was saying, "Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
19	 rough the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated him.   	Lee was still commentating.   "Slytherin in possession -- Flint with the Quaffle -- passes Spinnet -- p	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
20	  howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Harry hadn't broken any rules and Lee 	Jordan was still happily shouting the results -- Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to s	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
21	 , so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree. The Weasley twins and Lee 	Jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows. "No more 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
