1	 , and a magnificent marble staircase facing them led to the upper floors.   They followed Professor 	McGonagall across the flagged stone floor. Harry could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
2	  -- and that's why he's gone.   Dumbledore nodded glumly.   "It's -- it's true?" faltered Professor 	McGonagall. "After all he's done... all the people he's killed... he couldn't kill a little 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
3	 ."   "You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said Professor 	McGonagall.   "All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
4	  suppose it was he who told you I'd be here, by the way?"   "Yes," said Professor 	McGonagall. "And I don't suppose you're going to tell me why you're here, of all 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
5	 ."   So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to -the Great Hall, where Professor 	McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with the Christmas decorations.   "Ah, Hagrid, the last tree -- pu	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	78
6	 ley twins' friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor 	McGonagall.   "And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	75
7	  get to the Stone first."   "You're mad!" said Ron.   "You can't!" said Hermione. "After what 	McGonagall and Snape have said? You'll be expelled!"   "SO WHAP" Harry shouted. "Don't you understand? If 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	99
8	 -year boy who came out of Flitwicles class looking confused.   "Follow me, you two," said Professor 	McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.   "In here."   Professor McG	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
9	 s already.   Had Harry thought that things couldn't have been worse? He was wrong.   When Professor 	McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville.   "Harry!" Neville burst Out, the moment he saw the other two. "	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	85
10	  started swarmin' around. He fell asleep as we was flyin' over Bristol."   Dumbledore and Professor 	McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
11	  "I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor 	McGonagall blew her nose in reply.   Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
12	 minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor 	McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
13	  the lead, the lead he'd won in the last Quidditch match.   "Fifty points each," said Professor 	McGonagall, breathing heavily through her long, pointed nose.   "Professor -- please "You can't --"   "Don't t	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	89
14	  but a voice suddenly rang across the hall.   "What are you three doing inside?"   It was Professor 	McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.   "We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bra	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	93
15	 . They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"   "No, thank you," said Professor 	McGonagall coldly, as though she didn't think this was the moment for lemon drops. "As I say, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
16	  changed from puzzlement to delight.   "Are you serious, Professor?"   "Absolutely," said Professor 	McGonagall crisply. "The boy's a natural.   I've never seen anything like it. Was that your first 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
17	  Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.   Yours sincerely, Minerva 	McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Questions exploded inside Harry's head like fireworks and he couldn't decide w	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
18	  turned up on the doorstep? Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor 	McGonagall didn't say a word to him. She wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with Harry 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
19	 ame of Quidditch, Potter?" he asked excitedly.   "Wood's captain of the Gryffindor team," Professor 	McGonagall explained.   "He's just the build for a Seeker, too," said Wood, now walking around Harry and 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	61
20	  everything to him when he's older. I've written them a letter."   "A letter?" repeated Professor 	McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. "Really, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
21	 . They say he always favors them -- we'll be able to see if it's true."   "Wish 	McGonagall favored us, " said Harry. Professor McGonagall was head of Gryffindor House, but it hadn't stopped 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
22	  years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort." Professor 	McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice. "It all gets so	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
23	  Slytherin to win the house cup, and you'll lose all the points I got from Professor 	McGonagall for knowing about Switching Spells."   "Go away." "All right, but I warned you, you just remember w	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	64
24	  him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them.   "I'm disgusted," said Professor 	McGonagall. "Four students out of bed in one night! I've never heard of such a thing before! 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	88
25	 ly and James Potter are -- are -- that they're -- dead. \x93   Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor 	McGonagall gasped.   "Lily and James... I can't believe it... I didn't want to believe it...   Oh, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
26	  life," said Dumbledore.   "I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor 	McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend he's not careless. He does tend to -- what was that?"   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
27	 roper family.   It was true that Harry wasn't going back to Privet Drive for Christmas.   Professor 	McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of students who would be staying for the 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	77
28	 se, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll's roars. A moment later, Professor 	McGonagall had come bursting into the room, closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Qui	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	68
29	 hrowing caution to the winds, "Professor -- it's about the Sorcerer's tone --"   Whatever Professor 	McGonagall had expected, it wasn't that. The books she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	96
30	 e's saying? About why he's disappeared? About what finally stopped him?"   It seemed that Professor 	McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
31	 know."   "Move along now," said a sharp voice. "The Sorting Ceremony's about to start."   Professor 	McGonagall had returned. One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.   "Now, form a line," 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
32	 , he said you had a drag --"   Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor 	McGonagall had seen. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	86
33	 et you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o'clock for your first training session.   Professor 	McGonagall Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to read.   "A Nimbus 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	65
34	 tention will take place at eleven o'clock tonight. Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall.   Professor 	McGonagall Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do in the furor over the points they'd 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	90
35	 then some o' the teachers did enchantments...   Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor 	McGonagall --" he ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an' Dumbledore himself did somethin',	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	81
36	 't look at it, but after a moment he spoke to it.   "Fancy seeing you here, Professor 	McGonagall."   He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was smiling at a 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
37	  the library. He said he'd been looking for someone to practice that on."   "Go to Professor 	McGonagall!" Hermione urged Neville. "Report him!"   Neville shook his head.   "I don't want more trouble," he	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	80
38	 ng out sweets.   "Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this," said Professor 	McGonagall. "I'm very disappointed in you. If you're not hurt at all, you'd better get 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	73
39	  take sides.   "So -- after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating "Jordan!" growled Professor 	McGonagall.   "I mean, after that open and revolting foul 'Jordan, I'm warning you --"   "All right, all right	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	76
40	 the dark outlines of two people grappling with each other ten feet away. A lamp flared.   Professor 	McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear.   "Detention!" she shouted. "And 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	82
41	  gently. "We've had precious little to celebrate for eleven years."   "I know that," said Professor 	McGonagall irritably. "But that's no reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
42	  statue.   "I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said Professor 	McGonagall. "It doesn't take a genius to work it out. You fed Draco Malfoy some cock-and-	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	87
43	  all? What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor 	McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he'd better 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
44	  left now."   "You don't mean -- you can't mean the people who live here?" cried Professor 	McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four.   "Dumbledore -- you can't. I've been watching 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
45	 goblets. At the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting.   Professor 	McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a halt in a line facing 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
46	 pment.   Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.   Yours sincerely, 	Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Questions exploded inside Harry's head like fireworks and he couldn	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
47	  his arm. Harry landed next to him.   "Very nice," said Wood, his eyes glinting. "I see what 	McGonagall meant... you really are a natural. I'm just going to teach you the rules this evening, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	67
48	  house for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for him.   Professor 	McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment.   "When I call your name, you will put 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
49	  Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor 	McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry's amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.   When Harry 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	79
50	  he'll be, growing up away from all that until he's ready to take it?"   Professor 	McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course.	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
51	  that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look Severus Snape in the face for weeks...."   Professor 	McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry.   "I want to hear you're training hard, Potter, or 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	62
52	  nervously tried to flatten his hair.   "I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor 	McGonagall.   "Please wait quietly."   She left the chamber. Harry swallowed.   "How exactly do they sort us i	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
53	 all, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.   "In here."   Professor 	McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
54	  Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his bike back. G'night, Professor 	McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore, sir."   Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himse	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
55	 heaven did Harry survive?"   "We can only guess," said Dumbledore. "We may never know."   Professor 	McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles. Dumbledore gave a gre	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
56	 ore," said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.   "See Professor Dumbledore?" Professor 	McGonagall repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do. "Why?"   Harry swallowed -- now 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	94
57	 nt," said Percy Weasley Pompously across Harry as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin. Professor 	McGonagall rolled up her scroll and took the Sorting Hat away.   Harry looked down at his empty gold 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
58	 . Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened when he'd left the grounds with Professor 	McGonagall. Ron had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	63
59	 rcy could be heard telling the other prefects, "My brother, you know! My youngest brother! Got past 	McGonagall's giant chess set!"   At last there was silence again.   "Second -- to Miss Hermione Granger... for	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	101
60	 ytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its place. Snape was shaking Professor 	McGonagall's hand, with a horrible, forced smile. He caught Harry's eye and Harry knew at once 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	102
61	 ? "It's sort of secret," he said, but he wished at once he hadn't, because Professor 	McGonagall's nostrils flared.   "Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago," she said coldly. "He received an 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	95
62	 TEEN   THE FORIBIDDEN FOREST   Things couldn't have been worse.   Filch took them down to Professor 	McGonagall's study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	83
63	 dore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. "I know... I know..." he said heavily.   Professor 	McGonagall's voice trembled as she went on. "That's not all.   They're saying he tried to 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
64	 aught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor 	McGonagall's wake as she strode toward the castle. He was going to be expelled, he just knew 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
65	  rose into the air and off into the night.   "I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor 	McGonagall," said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.   Dumbledore turned	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
66	  and Harry's first thought was that this was not someone to cross.   "The firs' years, Professor 	McGonagall," said Hagrid.   "Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here."   She pulled the door wide. The 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
67	  you. Anyway, who says the centaurs are right? It sounds like fortune-telling to me, and Professor 	McGonagall says that's a very imprecise branch of magic."   The sky had turned light before they stopped 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	91
68	 . I haven't blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs."   Professor 	McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls are nothing next to the rumors that 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
69	 . By the end of the lesson, only Hermione Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor 	McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and gave Hermione a rare smile.   	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
70	  from a doorway to the right -the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor 	McGonagall showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall. They crowded in, standing rather 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
71	  Great Hall didn't simply open on to the heavens.   Harry quickly looked down again as Professor 	McGonagall silently placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the stool 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
72	 ked. Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing. Professor 	McGonagall slammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.   "Potter, this is Oliver Wood. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
73	 hey caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had y caught every word -- like Professor 	McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a class silent without effort. "As there is little foolish wand-	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
74	 ," he began. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word -- like Professor 	McGonagall, Snape had y caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a class 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
75	  have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here."   Professor 	McGonagall sniffed angrily.   "Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right," she said impatiently.   "You'd thin	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
76	  any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name.   "I know you haven 't, said Professor 	McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. "But you're different. Everyone knows you're the only on	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
77	  to look as though this story wasn't new to them.   "Well -- in that case..." said Professor 	McGonagall, staring at the three of them, "Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	72
78	 the others becoming wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying Hagrid's bag.   Professor 	McGonagall stopped outside a classroom. She opened the door and poked her head inside.   "Excuse me, Professor	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
79	 than they would usually have done, peering about nervously.   "Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor 	McGonagall. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
80	  Ron would put his wand down.   Then a small voice came out of the shadows.   "Please, Professor 	McGonagall -- they were looking for me."   "Miss Granger!"   Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	71
81	 Malfoy quickly.   "Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.   "Professor 	McGonagall told me all about the special circumstances, Potter. And what model is it?"   "A Nimbus Two Thousan	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	66
82	 ned. One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.   "Now, form a line," Professor 	McGonagall told the first years, "and follow me."   Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
83	  back to his legs.   "He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive," Professor 	McGonagall told Wood. "Didn't even scratch himself. Charlie Weasley couldn't have done it."   Wood was now 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	60
84	  had Sprout's, that was the Devil's Snare; Flitwick must've put charms on the keys; 	McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell's spell, and Snape's."   They ha	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	100
85	 o Gryffindor tower. Students are finishing the feast in their houses."   Hermione left.   Professor 	McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.   "Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	74
86	 . No sooner had they reached the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor 	McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.   "I suppose you think you're harder 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	98
87	  when he reached Harry's name he gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.   Professor 	McGonagall was again different. Harry had been quite right to think she wasn't a teacher to cross. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
88	  toward them. He got to his feet, trembling.   "Never -- in all my time at Hogwarts --"   Professor 	McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously, "-- how dare you -- might have	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
89	  -- we'll be able to see if it's true."   "Wish McGonagall favored us, " said Harry. Professor 	McGonagall was head of Gryffindor House, but it hadn't stopped her from giving them a huge pile 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
90	 mper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart.   Snape bent over the troll. Professor 	McGonagall was looking at Ron and Harry. Harry had never seen her look so angry. Her lips were 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	69
91	  enjoy the sunshine."   But they didn't.   "It's tonight," said Harry, once he was sure Professor 	McGonagall was out of earshot. "Snape's going through the trapdoor tonight. He's found out everything he 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	97
92	 tched safely in his fist.   "HARRY POTTER!"   His heart sank faster than he'd just dived. Professor 	McGonagall was running toward them. He got to his feet, trembling.   "Never -- in all my time at Hogwarts --" 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
93	 o say something to defend himself, but there seemed to be something wrong with his voice. Professor 	McGonagall was sweeping along without even looking at him; he had to jog to keep up. Now he'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
94	  sleepy, looked up at the High Table again. Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet.   Professor 	McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore. Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a tea	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
95	  one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across a desk. Professor 	McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox -- points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	92
96	 's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found," Professor 	McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and wa	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
97	  Ron jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfay, but Professor 	McGonagall, who could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.   "What'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
98	  Gryffindor faded quickly from Harry's mind.   "What on earth were you thinking of?" said Professor 	McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice. Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with his wand 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	70
99	  have been so stupid as to forget the cloak? There was no reason on earth that Professor 	McGonagall would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	84
100	  his teacher's wig blue. He kept his eyes fixed on the door. Any second now, Professor 	McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom.   Then something happened that made him jump about 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
101	 ould see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.   "Is that where -?" whispered Professor 	McGonagall.   "Yes," said Dumbledore. "He'll have that scar forever."   "Couldn't you do something about it, D	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
102	 whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.   "Shhh!" hissed Professor 	McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles!"   "S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
