1	 ckages of sweets from home, which he opened gloatingly at the Slytherin table.   A barn owl brought 	Neville a small package from his grandmother. He opened it excitedly and showed them a glass ball the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
2	 , he's a coward," said Hagrid. " So me, Harry, an' Hermione'll go one way an' Draco, 	Neville, an' Fang'll go the other.   Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we'll send 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	94
3	  a fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy, 	Neville, and Fang took the right.   They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. Every now and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	95
4	 oing on? Where were the others? At last, a great crunching noise announced Hagrid's return. Malfoy, 	Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	97
5	 alfoy, Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind 	Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville had panicked and sent up the sparks.   "We'll be 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	98
6	  boats sitting in the water by the shore. Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by 	Neville and Hermione. "Everyone in?" shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to himself. "Right then -- FORWARD!"   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
7	  been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker Curse. They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on 	Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	70
8	  along on its own --"   "What are you doing?" said a voice from the corner of the room. 	Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he'd been making 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	103
9	 learn the names of its moons.   The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and 	Neville at the breakfast table. They were all the same: Your detention will take place at eleven o'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	89
10	 our toad?" said Hagrid, who was checking the boats as people climbed out of them.   "Trevor!" cried 	Neville blissfully, holding out his hands. Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid's 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
11	 been worse? He was wrong.   When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville.   "Harry!" 	Neville burst Out, the moment he saw the other two. "I was trying to find you to warn 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	79
12	  about you, Neville?" said Ron.   "Well, my gran brought me up and she's a witch," said 	Neville, "but the family thought I was all- Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept trying to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
13	 lle nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All 	Neville cared about was never going near the dog again.   Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
14	  to tell me I'm not brave enough to be in Gryffindor, Malfoy's already done that," 	Neville choked out.   Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog, the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	65
15	 't go in there at night -- there's all sorts of things in there -- werewolves, I heard."   	Neville clutched the sleeve of Harry's robe and made a choking noise.   "That's your problem, isn'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	93
16	  around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was 	Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.   Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	76
17	  in exasperation. "Neville, you don't know what you're doing."   He took a step forward and 	Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight.   "Go on then, try and hit me!" said 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	112
18	  said good-bye to Ron in the common room and went down to the entrance hall with 	Neville. Filch was already there -- and so was Malfoy. Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	90
19	  rage.   "He thinks this door is locked," Harry whispered. "I think we'll be okay -- get off, 	Neville!" For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of Harry's bathrobe for the last minute. "What?"   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
20	 , Harry was suddenly able to clamber back on to his broom.   "Neville, you can look!" Ron said. 	Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid's jacket for the last five minutes.   Harry was speeding toward the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
21	  the class into pairs to practice. Harry's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which was a relief, because 	Neville had been trying to catch his eye). Ron, however, was to be working with Hermione Granger. It 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
22	  thinks this door is locked," Harry whispered. "I think we'll be okay -- get off, Neville!" For 	Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of Harry's bathrobe for the last minute. "What?"   Harry turned 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
23	  caught Ron prodding Dean's poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.   	Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his grandmother had never let him near 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
24	 . Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. 	Neville had panicked and sent up the sparks.   "We'll be lucky ter catch anythin' now, with the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	99
25	  stewed his horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon. 	Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamus's cauldron into a twisted blob, and their potion was seeping 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
26	 without words that this wasn't true, because Neville was looking stunned and hurt. Poor, blundering 	Neville -- Harry knew what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark, to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	84
27	  said.   "No, no, no," said Hermione. "No, we're not. Why don't you go to bed, 	Neville?"   Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldn't afford to waste any more 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	106
28	 hings couldn't have been worse? He was wrong.   When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was leading 	Neville.   "Harry!" Neville burst Out, the moment he saw the other two. "I was trying to find you 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	78
29	 .   He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, "Gran, I've lost my toad again."   "Oh, 	Neville," he heard the old woman sigh.   A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.   "Give 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
30	 uffling.   "Mrs. Norris?" breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.   It wasn't Mrs. Norris. It was 	Neville. He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
31	 tarted to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.   Madam Hooch was bending over 	Neville, her face as white as his.   "Broken wrist," Harry heard her mutter. "Come on, boy -- it's 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
32	  bed and into trouble. I've already caught him. I suppose you think it's funny that 	Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?"   Harry caught Neville's eye and tried to tell 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	81
33	 . Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of him, wrestling him to the ground. 	Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.   "Come on, Harry!" Hermione screamed,	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	75
34	  they are or you'll be out of Hogwarts before you can say 'Quidditch.' Come on, dear."   	Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
35	  from that hole and don't be an idiot --"   "Don't you call me an idiot!" said 	Neville. I don't think you should be breaking any more rules! And you were the one who 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	110
36	 've you done to him?" Harry whispered.   "It's the full Body-Bind," said Hermione miserably. "Oh, 	Neville, I'm so sorry."   "We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Harry.   "You'll understand 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	118
37	 , but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Neville."   "	Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Weasley, and that's saying something."   Ron's 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	74
38	 's been past twice already."   Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and 	Neville.   "If either of you get us caught, I'll never rest until I've learned that Curse 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
39	 n room and collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.   It was a while before any of them said anything. 	Neville, indeed, looked as if he'd never speak again.   "What do they think they're doing, keeping 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
40	  hurt, do you?" whispered Hermione.   "I don't care if Malfoy has, but if something's got 	Neville... it's our fault he's here in the first place."   The minutes dragged by. Their ears 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	96
41	 , now, it'll be worse for you if you do."   They marched off across the dark grounds. 	Neville kept sniffing. Harry wondered what their punishment was going to be. It must be something really ho	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	91
42	 , saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and -- WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and 	Neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap. His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
43	  going and I'm much mistaken if you'll all come out in one piece."   At this, 	Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his tracks.   "The forest?" he repeated, and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	92
44	  what seemed like hours. Harry couldn't think of anything to say to comfort him. He knew 	Neville, like himself, was dreading the dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor found out what 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	87
45	  laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, 	Neville."   "Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Weasley, and that's saying something."   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	73
46	 , but just as much to stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. 	Neville Longbottom."   Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some sort of explosi	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	122
47	  said there had obviously been a mistake and he'd better get back on the train? When 	Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
48	 er, Neville," said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the invisibility cloak.   But leaving 	Neville lying motionless on the floor didn't feel like a very good omen. In their nervous state, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	121
49	  his grandmother had never let him near one. Privately, Harry felt she'd had good reason, because 	Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of accidents even with both feet on the ground.   Hermione 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
50	  the portrait swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all scrambled through it -- 	Neville needed a leg up -- and found themselves in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
51	 d then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistle -- three -- two --"   But 	Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
52	  really sorry about this."   She raised her wand.   "Petrificus Totalus!" she cried, pointing it at 	Neville.   Neville's arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang together. His whole body rigid, he swayed 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	115
53	 's the full Body-Bind," said Hermione miserably. "Oh, Neville, I'm so sorry."   "We had to, 	Neville, no time to explain," said Harry.   "You'll understand later, Neville," said Ron as they stepped ov	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	119
54	  inches long, they didn't have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues.   Neither 	Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Nev	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
55	  meant more to you than this. All three of you will receive detentions -- yes, you too, Mr. 	Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night, especially these days, it's very 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	85
56	 utching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he'd been making another bid for freedom.   "Nothing, 	Neville, nothing," said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.   Neville stared at their guilt	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	104
57	  dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight.   "Go on then, try and hit me!" said 	Neville, raising his fists. "I'm ready!"   Harry turned to Hermione.   "Do something," he said desperately.	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	113
58	  the stool. The hat took a long time to decide with Neville. When it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR," 	Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
59	  he'd been looking for someone to practice that on."   "Go to Professor McGonagall!" Hermione urged 	Neville. "Report him!"   Neville shook his head.   "I don't want more trouble," he mumbled.   "You've got 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	62
60	 ," he said, hurrying to stand in front of the portrait hole. "I'll -- I'll fight you!"   "	Neville, "Ron exploded, "get away from that hole and don't be an idiot --"   "Don't you call 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	109
61	 ry about this."   She raised her wand.   "Petrificus Totalus!" she cried, pointing it at Neville.   	Neville's arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang together. His whole body rigid, he swayed where 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	116
62	  up as much as you can while you are waiting."   Her eyes lingered for a moment on 	Neville's cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Ron's smudged nose. Harry nervously 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
63	  you think it's funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?"   Harry caught 	Neville's eye and tried to tell him without words that this wasn't true, because Neville was 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	82
64	 ok!" said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the grass. "It's that stupid thing 	Longbottom's gran sent him."   The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up.   "Give that 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
65	  one of the few that did. Hermione Granger's had simply rolled over on the ground, and 	Neville's hadn't moved at all. Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
66	  mean it!" barked Percy.   Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on 	Neville's head. They heard him zooming away, rattling coats of armor as he passed.   "You want to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
67	  and then fell flat on his face, stiff as a board.   Hermione ran to turn him over. 	Neville's jaws were jammed together so he couldn't speak. Only his eyes were moving, looking at 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	117
68	  tower.   Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who leapt up and performed the countercurse. 	Neville's legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling. "What happened?" Hermione asked him, leading	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	60
69	 "The Sorting Hat chose you for Gryffindor, didn't it? And where's Malfoy? In stinking Slytherin."   	Neville's lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.   "Thanks, Harry... I think I'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	67
70	  a girl with him. She was already wearing her new Hogwarts robes.   "Has anyone seen a toad? 	Neville's lost one," she said. She had a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
71	  true," Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, "If he hadn't stolen 	Neville's Remembrall I wouln't be on the team...."   "So I suppose you think that's a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
72	 follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from Filch's voice. 	Neville's robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.   "They'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
73	 dn't have everything in life.   And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, 	Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	126
74	 , but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn't be too bad.... Anyway, we'd better go and look for 	Neville's toad. You two had better change, you know, I expect we'll be there soon."   And 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
75	  making objects fly, something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make 	Neville's toad zoom around the classroom. Professor Flitwick put the class into pairs to practice. Harry's 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
76	  Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in 	Neville's voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
77	 The other Slytherins joined in.   "Shut up, Malfoy," snapped Parvati Patil.   "Ooh, sticking up for 	Longbottom?" said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl. "Never thought you'd like fat little crybabies	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
78	 'm so sorry."   "We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Harry.   "You'll understand later, 	Neville," said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the invisibility cloak.   But leaving Neville lyi	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	120
79	  head.   "I don't want more trouble," he mumbled.   "You've got to stand up to him, 	Neville!" said Ron. "He's used to walking all over people, but that's no reason to lie 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	64
80	  after they were married. Bit of a nasty shock for him."   The others laughed.   "What about you, 	Neville?" said Ron.   "Well, my gran brought me up and she's a witch," said Neville, "but the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
81	 , Neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'll see you later --"   "Don't leave me!" said 	Neville, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
82	  Ron passed with good marks; Hermione, of course, had the best grades of the first years. Even 	Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his abysmal Potions one. They had hoped that	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	125
83	  air, but it was still difficult to see what was going on sometimes.   Ron and Hermione joined 	Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row. As a surprise for Harry, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
84	 . "What happened?" Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit with Harry and Ron.   "Malfoy," said 	Neville shakily. "I met him outside the library. He said he'd been looking for someone to practice 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	61
85	 "   Harry turned to Hermione.   "Do something," he said desperately.   Hermione stepped forward.   "	Neville," she said, "I'm really, really sorry about this."   She raised her wand.   "Petrificus Totalus!" s	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	114
86	 meone to practice that on."   "Go to Professor McGonagall!" Hermione urged Neville. "Report him!"   	Neville shook his head.   "I don't want more trouble," he mumbled.   "You've got to stand up 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	63
87	  you now, the Fat Lady's gone off somewhere."   "How's your arm?" said Harry.   "Fine," said 	Neville, showing them. "Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute."   "Good - well, look, Neville, we've go	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
88	 . How could they ever make up for this? Harry didn't sleep all night. He could hear 	Neville sobbing into his pillow for what seemed like hours. Harry couldn't think of anything to say 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	86
89	  just as much to stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville 	Longbottom."   Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some sort of explosion had take	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	123
90	  freedom.   "Nothing, Neville, nothing," said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.   	Neville stared at their guilty faces.   "You're going out again," he said.   "No, no, no," said Hermione. "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	105
91	  to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. They could hear Filch getting nearer. 	Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run -he tripped, grabbed Ron around the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
92	  on either side of them that Harry thought there must be thick trees there. Nobody spoke much. 	Neville, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.   "Ye' all get yer firs' sight 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
93	  there had obviously been a mistake and he'd better get back on the train? When Neville 	Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
94	  hours, I couldn't remember the new password to get in to bed."   "Keep your voice down, 	Neville. The password's 'Pig snout' but it won't help you now, the Fat Lady's gone 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
95	  finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't 	Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.   Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the mid	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
96	  stabbing pains in his forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the forest. 	Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldn't sleep, but the truth 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	101
97	  Everyone stopped talking to watch.   Malfoy smiled nastily.   "I think I'll leave it somewhere for 	Longbottom to find -- how about -- up a tree?"   "Give it here!" Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
98	 't a reserve Seeker. If I back out, Gryffindor can't play at all."   At that moment 	Neville toppled into the common room. How he had managed to climb through the portrait hole was anyone'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
99	 ! We won!" shouted Ron, thumping Harry on the back. "And I gave Malfoy a black eye, and 	Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle single-handed! He's still out cold but Madam Pomftey 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	77
100	  going to catch you, he said you had a drag --"   Harry shook his head violently to shut 	Neville up, but Professor McGonagall had seen. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	80
101	  I'll go to bed.... D'you want the card, you collect them, don't you?"   As 	Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.   "Dumbledore again," he said, "He was the fir	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	68
102	 .   "I think we've lost him," Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead. 	Neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering.   I -- told -you," Hermione gasped, clutching at the sti	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
103	 dor will be in even more trouble."   "You don't understand," said Harry, "this is important."   But 	Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.   I won't let you do it," he said, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	108
104	  stupid with flying tips she'd gotten out of a library book called Quidditch Through the Ages. 	Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for anything that might help him hang on to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
105	  caught Neville's eye and tried to tell him without words that this wasn't true, because 	Neville was looking stunned and hurt. Poor, blundering Neville -- Harry knew what it must have cost him to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	83
106	  off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch's lips.   "Come back, boy!" she shouted, but 	Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle -- twelve feet -- twenty feet. Harry 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
107	 ? What's that dog guarding?"   Harry went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question. 	Neville was snoring loudly, but Harry couldn't sleep. He tried to empty his mind -- he needed to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
108	 cidents even with both feet on the ground.   Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about flying as 	Neville was. This was something you couldn't learn by heart out of a book -- not that she 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
109	 is face fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet, "You've forgotten something..."   	Neville was trying to remember what he'd forgotten when Draco Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table,	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
110	  the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (	Neville wasn't back from the hospital wing). Ron had spent all evening giving him advice such as "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
111	 ne," said Neville, showing them. "Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute."   "Good - well, look, 	Neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'll see you later --"   "Don't leave me!" said Neville, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
112	 , who've got no money -- you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no brains."   	Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.   "I'm worth twelve of you, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	72
113	  during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they called him "the Seeker."   Hermione and 	Neville were suffering, too. They didn't have as bad a time as Harry, because they weren't 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	88
114	  fell over on his way to the stool. The hat took a long time to decide with 	Neville. When it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR," Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
115	  of his wand. "I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?"   	Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.   "Take him up to the hospital 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
116	  that erupted from the Gryffindor table. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as 	Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people hugging him. He had never won so much 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	124
117	  his Nimbus Two Thousand.   Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to 	Neville, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or why they had both brought 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	69
118	 burning holes in people's shoes. Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while 	Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
119	 , the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for Christmas. He gave it to 	Neville, who looked as though he might cry.   "You're worth twelve of Malfoy," Harry said. "The Sorting 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	66
120	  his leg ripped off once, he's not going to try it again in a hurry. And 	Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down."   Harry nodded, but he couldn'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	102
121	  was enough. Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able to clamber back on to his broom.   "	Neville, you can look!" Ron said. Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid's jacket for the last five 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
122	  who told me to stand up to people!"   "Yes, but not to us," said Ron in exasperation. "	Neville, you don't know what you're doing."   He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	111
123	  more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.   "You can't go out," said 	Neville, "you'll be caught again. Gryffindor will be in even more trouble."   "You don't understand," said 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	107
124	 ," Snape spat at Seamus. Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to 	Neville.   "You -- Potter -- why didn't you tell him not to add the quills? Thought he'd make 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
125	  lucky ter catch anythin' now, with the racket you two were makin'. Right, we're changin' groups -- 	Neville, you stay with me an' Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an' this idiot. I'm sorry," 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	100
126	  parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've got no money -- you should be on the team, 	Longbottom, you've got no brains."   Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	71
