1	  ghosts. The students all hated him, and it was the dearest ambition of many to give Mrs. 	Norris a good kick.   And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
2	 eons when they were rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing.   Filch owned a cat called Mrs. 	Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature with bulging, lamp like eyes just like Filch's. She patrolled the	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
3	  them."   There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or Mrs. 	Norris, and Harry felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another school rule today. On the other hand, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
4	  feeling about it -- and anyway, you've had too many close shaves already. Filch, Snape, and Mrs. 	Norris are wandering around. So what if they can't see you? What if they walk into you? 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
5	  up, both of you!" said Harry sharply. I heard something."   It was a sort of snuffling.   "Mrs. 	Norris?" breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.   It wasn't Mrs. Norris. It was Neville. He was curled 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
6	  of moonlight from the high windows. At every turn Harry expected to run into Filch or Mrs. 	Norris, but they were lucky. They sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
7	  had been talking.   "Quick!"   Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. 	Norris came round the door. Ron and Harry stood quite still, both thinking the same thing -- did the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
8	 .   "Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner."   It was Filch speaking to Mrs. 	Norris. Horror-struck, Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
9	  Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch "that old git."   "An' as fer that cat, Mrs. 	Norris, I'd like ter introduce her to Fang sometime. D'yeh know, every time I go up 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
10	 as a sort of snuffling.   "Mrs. Norris?" breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.   It wasn't Mrs. 	Norris. It was Neville. He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
11	  mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were going to end up as Mrs. 	Norris's Christmas dinner.   Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball figh	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
12	  Peeves swooping down on them. At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. 	Norris skulking near the top.   "Oh, let's kick her, just this once," Ron whispered in Harry's 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
13	  whispered in Harry's ear, but Harry shook his head. As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. 	Norris turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn't do anything.   They didn't meet anyone else 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
