1	  sure he liked Mr. Ollivander too much. He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. 	Ollivander bowed them from his shop.   The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
2	  I'm special," he said at last. "All those people in the Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr. 	Ollivander... but I don't know anything about magic at all. How can they expect great things? I'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
3	  a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. 	Ollivander cried, "Oh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, well... how curious... how very curious.	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
4	 wn paper, still muttering, "Curious... curious..   "Sorry," said Harry, "but what's curious?"   Mr. 	Ollivander fixed Harry with his pale stare.   "I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. Every 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
5	 id quickly. Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.   "Hmmm," said Mr. 	Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look. "Well, now -- Mr. Potter. Let me see." He pulled a long tape 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
6	  say your father favored it -- it's really the wand that chooses the wizard, of course."   Mr. 	Ollivander had come so close that he and Harry were almost nose to nose. Harry could see himself 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
7	  wand. Ten and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow. Nice wand for charm work."   Mr. 	Ollivander moved closer to Harry. Harry wished he would blink. Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy.   "Your 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
8	  --"   Harry tried -- but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was snatched back by Mr. 	Ollivander.   "No, no -here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy.   Go on, go on, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
9	  of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. 	Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to become.   "Tricky customer, eh? Not to worry, we'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
10	 've still got the pieces, though," he added brightly.   "But you don't use them?" said Mr. 	Ollivander sharply.   "Oh, no, sit," said Hagrid quickly. Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tigh	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
11	  it a wave."   Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr. 	Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.   "Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inches. Quite whipp	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
12	  wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?" said Mr. 	Ollivander, suddenly stern.   "Er -- yes, they did, yes," said Hagrid, shuffling his feet. "I've still got the	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
13	 -Named did great things -- terrible, yes, but great."   Harry shivered. He wasn't sure he liked Mr. 	Ollivander too much. He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
14	  nose to nose. Harry could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.   "And that's where..."   Mr. 	Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harry's forehead with a long, white finger.   "I'm sorry to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
15	  elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round his head. As he measured, he said, "Every 	Ollivander wand has a core of a powerful magical substance, Mr. Potter. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
16	 e, Mr. Potter. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons. No two 	Ollivander wands are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite the same. And 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
17	  that the tape measure, which was measuring between his nostrils, was doing this on its own. Mr. 	Ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.   "That will do," he said, and the tape measure	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
18	 .   Go on, go on, try it out."   Harry tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. 	Ollivander was waiting for. The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
