1	 , I say, we ought to give him a second chance --"   "My dear Friar, haven't we given 	Peeves all the chances he deserves? He gives us all a bad name and you know, he's 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
2	 eeves," he said, in a hoarse whisper, "the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible."   	Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He caught himself in time and hovered about a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
3	  way," snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.   "STUDENTS OUT OF BED!" 	Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR"   Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
4	  them and gave a squeal of delight.   "Shut up, Peeves -- please -- you'll get us thrown out."   	Peeves cackled.   "Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty, naughty, you'll g	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
5	  I didn't, you're invisible -- forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir."   "I have business here, 	Peeves," croaked Harry. "Stay away from this place tonight."   "I will, sir, I most certainly will," said 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
6	 hrough it, shut it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.   "Which way did they go, 	Peeves?" Filch was saying. "Quick, tell me."   "Say 'please."' "Don't mess with me, Peeves, now where did 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
7	  a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a classroom in front of them.   It was 	Peeves. He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight.   "Shut up, Peeves -- please -- you'll 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
8	 hould call Filch, I should, if something's a-creeping around unseen."   Harry had a sudden idea.   "	Peeves," he said, in a hoarse whisper, "the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible."   Peeve	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
9	  or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, "GOT YOUR CONK!"   Even worse than 	Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch. Harry and Ron managed to get on the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
10	  caughty."   "Not if you don't give us away, Peeves, please."   "Should tell Filch, I should," said 	Peeves in a saintly voice, but his eyes glittered wickedly. "It's for your own good, you know."   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
11	 , Peeves, now where did they go?"   "Shan't say nothing if you don't say please," said 	Peeves in his annoying singsong voice.   "All right -please."   "NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldn't say	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
12	  climbed the stairs.   "Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said Ron. "Maybe 	Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke."   They passed different groups of people hurrying in different dir	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
13	  did they go, Peeves?" Filch was saying. "Quick, tell me."   "Say 'please."' "Don't mess with me, 	Peeves, now where did they go?"   "Shan't say nothing if you don't say please," said Peeves 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
14	 vil cackle. "Ickle Firsties! What fun!"   He swooped suddenly at them. They all ducked.   "Go away, 	Peeves, or the Baron'll hear about this, I mean it!" barked Percy.   Peeves stuck out his tongue 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
15	  ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.   "	Peeves," Percy whispered to the first years. "A poltergeist." He raised his voice, "Peeves -- show yoursel	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
16	 ? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty, naughty, you'll get caughty."   "Not if you don't give us away, 	Peeves, please."   "Should tell Filch, I should," said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his eyes glittered w	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
17	  them.   It was Peeves. He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight.   "Shut up, 	Peeves -- please -- you'll get us thrown out."   Peeves cackled.   "Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Fi	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
18	 ," croaked Harry. "Stay away from this place tonight."   "I will, sir, I most certainly will," said 	Peeves, rising up in the air again. "Hope your business goes well, Baron, I'll not bother you."   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
19	  for! This is the end!" They could hear footsteps, Filch running as fast as he could toward 	Peeves's shouts.   "Oh, move over," Hermione snarled. She grabbed Harry's wand, tapped the lock, and whisp	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
20	  heard him zooming away, rattling coats of armor as he passed.   "You want to watch out for 	Peeves," said Percy, as they set off again.   "The Bloody Baron's the only one who can control 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
21	 ssroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.   "Out, 	Peeves!" she barked. Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
22	 lves at him.   "Peeves," Percy whispered to the first years. "A poltergeist." He raised his voice, "	Peeves -- show yourself"   A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered.   "Do 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
23	  all ducked.   "Go away, Peeves, or the Baron'll hear about this, I mean it!" barked Percy.   	Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on Neville's head. They heard him 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
24	 r nervous state, every statue's shadow looked like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like 	Peeves swooping down on them. At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
25	 to open. Nearly Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right direction, but 	Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a trick staircase if you met him when you 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
26	 UDENTS OUT OF BED!" Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR"   Ducking under 	Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
27	  for your own good, you know."   "Get out of the way," snapped Ron, taking a swipe at 	Peeves this was a big mistake.   "STUDENTS OUT OF BED!" Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
28	  except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.   "Out, Peeves!" she barked. 	Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing. Professor McGonagall 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
29	  they were a bit late arriving at Hagrid's hut because they'd had to wait for 	Peeves to get out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis against 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
30	  anything.   They didn't meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the third floor. 	Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that people would trip.   "Who's there?" he said 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
31	  Harry breathlessly. "Let's find an empty room, you wait 'til you hear this...."   He made sure 	Peeves wasn't inside before shutting the door behind them, then he told them what he'd seen 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
32	  Harry.   "In here."   Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for 	Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.   "Out, Peeves!" she barked. Peeves threw the c	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
33	  say nothing if you didn't say please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!" And they heard the sound of 	Peeves whooshing away and Filch cursing in rage.   "He thinks this door is locked," Harry whispered. "I th	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
