1	  know whether to laugh or not.   "Is he -- a bit mad?" he asked Percy uncertainly.   "Mad?" said 	Percy airily. "He's a genius! Best wizard in the world! But he is a bit mad, yes. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
2	  portrait of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress.   "Password?" she said. "Caput Draconis," said 	Percy, and the portrait swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all scrambled through 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
3	  zooming away, rattling coats of armor as he passed.   "You want to watch out for Peeves," said 	Percy, as they set off again.   "The Bloody Baron's the only one who can control him, he 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
4	  hissed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin.   Peering around it, however, they saw not 	Percy but Snape. He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.   "What's he doing?" Harry whispered.	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
5	  Christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch 	Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because they'd stolen his prefect badge.   It had 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
6	 , too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.   "P for prefect! Get it on, 	Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even Harry got one."   "I -- don't -- want said Percy 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
7	 nts."   Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver. 	Percy could be heard telling the other prefects, "My brother, you know! My youngest brother! Got past McG	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
8	 ?"   "She doesn't know about the troll."   Ron bit his lip.   "Oh, all right," he snapped. "But 	Percy'd better not see us."   Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped down	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
9	 and found themselves in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.   	Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another. At the top 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
10	 ith the prefects today, either," said George. "Christmas is a time for family."   They frog-marched 	Percy from the room, his arms pinned to his side by his sweater.   Harry had never in all 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
11	  one of the few who did.   "He's not serious?" he muttered to Percy.   "Must be," said 	Percy, frowning at Dumbledore. "It's odd, because he usually gives us a reason why we're not 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
12	 Or twice --"   "A minute --"   "All summer --"   "Oh, shut up," said Percy the Prefect.   "How come 	Percy gets new robes, anyway?" said one of the twins.   "Because he's a prefect," said their mother 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
13	  rat, which was asleep.   "His name's Scabbers and he's useless, he hardly ever wakes up. 	Percy got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn't aff -- I 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
14	  chess set by losing spectacularly to Ron. He suspected he wouldn't have lost so badly if 	Percy hadn't tried to help him so much.   After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
15	 .   "You!" said Ron furiously. "Go back to bed!"   "I almost told your brother," Hermione snapped, "	Percy -- he's a prefect, he'd put a stop to this."   Harry couldn't believe anyone could 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
16	 he girls' bathroom. They had just turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind them.   "	Percy!" hissed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin.   Peering around it, however, they saw no	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
17	 the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice 	Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries. They climbed more st	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
18	  laughed, but he was one of the few who did.   "He's not serious?" he muttered to 	Percy.   "Must be," said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore. "It's odd, because he usually gives us a reason 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
19	  scar on Harry's forehead.   "Ouch!" Harry clapped a hand to his head.   "What is it?" asked 	Percy.   "N-nothing."   The pain had gone as quickly as it had come. Harder to shake off was 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
20	 y at a joke Professor Flitwick had just read him.   Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. 	Percy nearly broke his teeth on a silver sickle embedded in his slice. Harry watched Hagrid getting redde	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
21	  he didn't like Harry at all.   "Who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?" he asked 	Percy.   "Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he's looking so nervous, that's Professor 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
22	  right, dear, well, have a good term -- send me an owl when you get there."   She kissed 	Percy on the cheek and he left. Then she turned to the twins.   "Now, you two -- this year, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
23	 . They all ducked.   "Go away, Peeves, or the Baron'll hear about this, I mean it!" barked 	Percy.   Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on Neville's head. They he	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
24	 . Bill and Charlie have already left -- Bill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now 	Percy's a prefect. Fred and George mess around a lot, but they still get really good marks 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
25	  new, either, with five brothers. I've got Bill's old robes, Charlie's old wand, and 	Percy's old rat."   Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
26	 . "I'm up front, the prefects have got two compartments to themselves --"   "Oh, are you a prefect, 	Percy?" said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise. "You should have said something, we 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
27	  Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?" said one of the twins.   "Shut up," said Ron.   "Where's 	Percy?" said their mother.   "He's coming now."   The oldest boy came striding into sight. He had already	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
28	  chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed that he was getting the loudest cheer yet. 	Percy the Prefect got up and shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, "We got Potter! 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
29	 d the other twin. "Once --"   "Or twice --"   "A minute --"   "All summer --"   "Oh, shut up," said 	Percy the Prefect.   "How come Percy gets new robes, anyway?" said one of the twins.   "Because he's 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
30	 , Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even Harry got one."   "I -- don't -- want said 	Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses askew.   "And you're 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
31	 magic beyond all we do here! And now, bedtime. Off you trot!"   The Gryffindor first years followed 	Percy through the chattering crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase. Harry's legs 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
32	  a sudden halt.   A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as 	Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.   "Peeves," Percy whispered to the	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
33	  cheered. Harry didn't know whether to laugh or not.   "Is he -- a bit mad?" he asked 	Percy uncertainly.   "Mad?" said Percy airily. "He's a genius! Best wizard in the world! But he is 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
34	  bring silence.   "Prefects," he rumbled, "lead your Houses back to the dormitories immediately!"   	Percy was in his element.   "Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the troll if 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
35	  see. Great Uncle Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad."   On Harry's other side, 	Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
36	  with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.   "Well done, Ron, excellent," said 	Percy Weasley Pompously across Harry as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin. Professor McGonagall roll	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
37	 're not stupid -- we know we're called Gred and Forge."   "What's all th is noise.   	Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, looking disapproving. He had clearly gotten halfway throug	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
38	  of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.   "Peeves," 	Percy whispered to the first years. "A poltergeist." He raised his voice, "Peeves -- show yourself"   A l	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
39	 , "Mom, can't I go... \x93   "You're not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. All right, 	Percy, you go first."   What looked like the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine and ten.   Harry wa	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
