1	 .   "But the glass," he kept saying, "where did the glass go?"   The zoo director himself made Aunt 	Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again. Piers and Dudley could 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
2	  tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out shopping with Aunt 	Petunia and Dudley. After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
3	   "Out! OUT!"   Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.   When Aunt 	Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	61
4	  a curly pig's tail poking through a hole in his trousers.   Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt 	Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	70
5	 , carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people. Behind him stood Aunt 	Petunia and Dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.   "You must be Harry's family!" said 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	77
6	  could he possibly be? He'd spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt 	Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned into warty 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	69
7	 , Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt 	Petunia and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do anything, or shout 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	72
8	 open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the postcard.   "Marge's ill," he informed Aunt 	Petunia. "Ate a funny whelk. --."   "Dad!" said Dudley suddenly. "Dad, Harry's got something!"   Harry was 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
9	 his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. Aunt 	Petunia burst into tears and said she couldn't believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he looked so 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
10	  new computer games, and a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt 	Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.   "Bad news, Vernon," she said. "Mrs. 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
11	  what he and Petunia thought about them and their kind.... He couldn't see how he and 	Petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be going on -- he yawned and turned over -- it 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
12	  was no good. He'd have to say something to her. He cleared his throat nervously. "Er -- 	Petunia, dear -- you haven't heard from your sister lately, have you?"   As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
13	 , Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. It was lucky that Aunt 	Petunia didn't come in to vacuum anymore, because Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night before 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	73
14	  pack his television, VCR, and computer in his sports bag.   They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt 	Petunia didn't dare ask where they were going. Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	62
15	 , that's best... we won't do anything....   "But --"   "I'm not having one in the house, 	Petunia! Didn't we swear when we took him in we'd stamp out that dangerous nonsense?"   That 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
16	  the top of a multilevel parking garage.   "Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?" Dudley asked Aunt 	Petunia dully late that afternoon. Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	64
17	 ht? Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place? And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters...   	Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was no good. He'd 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
18	  a pair of -- well, he didn't think he could bear it.   The Dursleys got into bed. 	Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
19	  over the country. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and 	Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.   None of them 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
20	 , he let himself into the house. He was still determined not to mention anything to his wife.   	Mrs. Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over dinner all about Mrs. Next Door'	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
21	 "Er -- Petunia, dear -- you haven't heard from your sister lately, have you?"   As he had expected, 	Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. After all, they normally pretended she didn't have a sister.   "No," 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
22	 Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone   CHAPTER ONE   THE BOY WHO LIVED   Mr. and 	Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
23	 awny owl flutter past the window.   At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked 	Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
24	 . Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years; in fact, 	Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
25	 , not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours' time by 	Mrs. Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
26	  didn't think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs. Potter was 	Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
27	  even seen the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There was no point in worrying 	Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her sister. He didn't blame her -- 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
28	 rsley.   "Well, I just thought... maybe... it was something to do with... you know... her crowd."   	Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley wondered whether he dared tell her he'd 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
29	 , "Their son -- he'd be about Dudley's age now, wouldn't he?"   "I suppose so," said 	Mrs. Dursley stiffly.   "What's his name again? Howard, isn't it?"   "Harry. Nasty, common name, if you 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
30	  even if the Potters were involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and 	Mrs. Dursley. The Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about them and their kind.... He 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
31	  eyes of the cat watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed 	Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. Dumbledore 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
32	  agree."   He didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed.   While 	Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
33	  was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache. 	Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
34	 .. shooting stars... and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today..."   "So?" snapped 	Mrs. Dursley.   "Well, I just thought... maybe... it was something to do with... you know... her crowd."   Mrs. 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
35	  the Potters away; they didn't want Dudley mixing with a child like that.   When Mr. and 	Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
36	  high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy windows. Aunt 	Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second room and made up a bed for Dudley on 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	66
37	  his mother's arms.   Just then, the doorbell rang -- "Oh, good Lord, they're here!" said Aunt 	Petunia frantically -- and a moment later, Dudley's best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
38	 ept what from me?" said Harry eagerly.   "STOP! I FORBID YOU!" yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.   Aunt 	Petunia gave a gasp of horror.   "Ah, go boil yet heads, both of yeh," said Hagrid. "Harry -- yet 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	67
39	  to explain that he couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.   Another time, Aunt 	Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley's (brown with orange 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
40	  become, until finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn't fit Harry. Aunt 	Petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, Harry wasn't 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
41	  and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt 	Petunia had just brought him.   On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry. As they couldn'	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
42	  out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt 	Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dressed all 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
43	  morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt 	Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
44	  up. Two hours later, Harry's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the Dursleys' car, Aunt 	Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to Harry, and they had set off.   They reached King's 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	74
45	 He managed to say, "Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meals," before he collapsed into a chair, and Aunt 	Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.   Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
46	  long. It was worse than having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt 	Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
47	  it didn't stop there. Within seconds it was the grayish white of old porridge.   "P-P-	Petunia!" he gasped.   Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
48	 ard, or Mrs. Figg's cabbage-smelling living room.   While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt 	Petunia. He liked to complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the bank, and Harry 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
49	  full of what looked like dirty rags swimming in gray water.   "What's this?" he asked Aunt 	Petunia. Her lips tightened as they always did if he dared to ask a question.   "Your new school 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
50	 ," he said, "I didn't realize it had to be so wet."   "DotA be stupid," snapped Aunt 	Petunia. "I'm dyeing some of Dudley's old things gray for you. It'll look just like 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
51	  time yesterday and bitterly wishing he'd opened the letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon and Aunt 	Petunia kept looking at each other darkly.   When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
52	  be at home in my cupboard."   There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.   And there's Aunt 	Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought, his heart sinking. But he still didn't open his eyes. 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	71
53	  wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley's computer).   Aunt 	Petunia looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon.   "And come back and find the house in 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
54	  made him look at photographs of all the cats she'd ever owned.   "Now what?" said Aunt 	Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he'd planned this. Harry knew he ought to feel sorry 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
55	 , began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.   Aunt 	Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, "And we'll buy you another two presents wh	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
56	 , small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt 	Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel -- Harry often said that Dudley looked like a 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
57	 k. Finally he said slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..."   "Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt 	Petunia.   "Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right then."   Uncle Vernon c	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
58	 e this stuff upstairs, now."   The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt 	Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one where Dudley slept, and one where Dud	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
59	  telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to, Aunt 	Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.   "Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?" 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	60
60	  Harry, but they weren't listening.   "I suppose we could take him to the zoo," said Aunt 	Petunia slowly, "...   and leave him in the car...."   "That car's new, he's not sitting in it 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
61	 im! Wizard indeed!"   "You knew?" said Harry. "You knew I'm a -- a wizard?"   "Knew!" shrieked Aunt 	Petunia suddenly. "Knew! Of course we knew! How could you not be, my dratted sister being what she 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	68
62	  following her from the dining room.   Wouldn't it be better just to go home, dear?" Aunt 	Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn't seem to hear her. Exactly what he was 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	63
63	 d a note.   We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle Vernon and Aunt 	Petunia. Taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece.   "That's friendly," said Harry.   Ron was fascinated 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	76
64	 ."   "I'm not sure that'll work, Vernon."   "Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, 	Petunia, they're not like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
65	  for them to come near him and Mrs. Dursley. The Potters knew very well what he and 	Petunia thought about them and their kind.... He couldn't see how he and Petunia could get mixed 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
66	  that day. He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.   "See," he explained to Aunt 	Petunia through a mouthful of nails, "if they can't deliver them they'll just give up."   "I'	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
67	  and hidden inside each of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt 	Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made furious telephone calls to the post office 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
68	  and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didn't make them happen.   Once, Aunt 	Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadn't been at all, 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
69	 ." Then he ran, before Dudley could work out what he'd said.   One day in July, Aunt 	Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs. Figg's. Mrs. Figg 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
70	  grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of his reach. Aunt 	Petunia took it curiously and read the first line. For a moment it looked as though she might 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
71	 , too.   Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long. His Aunt 	Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day.   "Up! 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
72	  as long as he could remember, and the first question he could ever remember asking his Aunt 	Petunia was how he had gotten it.   "In the car crash when your parents died," she had said. "	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
73	  ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.   "Vernon," Aunt 	Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, "look at the address -- how could they possibly know where he 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
74	  father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffled Dudley's hair.   At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt 	Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
75	  and he was smiling. He was also carrying a long, thin package and didn't answer Aunt 	Petunia when she asked what he'd bought.   "Found the perfect place!" he said. "Come on! Everyone out!"   	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	65
76	  she put a pointed wizard's hat. This hat was patched and frayed and extremely dirty. Aunt 	Petunia wouldn't have let it in the house.   Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	75
77	 ug.   "What about what's-her-name, your friend -- Yvonne?"   "On vacation in Majorca," snapped Aunt 	Petunia.   "You could just leave me here," Harry put in hopefully (he'd be able to watch what 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
