1	  himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again. 	Piers and Dudley could only gibber. As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't done anything 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
2	 , Harry, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in the back of the Dursleys' car with 	Piers and Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
3	  the concrete floor. What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, 	Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
4	  it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Harry at least, was 	Piers calming down enough to say, "Harry was talking to it, weren't you, Harry?"   Uncle Vernon waited 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
5	  was over, but there was no escaping Dudley's gang, who visited the house every single day. 	Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Dudley was the biggest and stupidest 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
6	  was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. The Dursleys bought Dudley and 	Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
7	 ood Lord, they're here!" said Aunt Petunia frantically -- and a moment later, Dudley's best friend, 	Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
8	  wouldn't be with Dudley. Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private school, Smeltings. 	Piers Polkiss was going there too. Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
9	  at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!"   Dudley and 	Piers sniggered.   I know they don't," said Harry. "It was only a dream."   But he wished he 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
10	 - jump.   But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being with Dudley and 	Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn't school, his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg's cabbage-	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
11	 rd, they're here!" said Aunt Petunia frantically -- and a moment later, Dudley's best friend, Piers 	Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. He 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
12	  sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone. Dudley and 	Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons. Dudley quickly found the larg	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
13	  frantically -- and a moment later, Dudley's best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. 	Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. He was usually the one who held 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
14	 't be with Dudley. Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private school, Smeltings. Piers 	Polkiss was going there too. Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
15	  down enough to say, "Harry was talking to it, weren't you, Harry?"   Uncle Vernon waited until 	Piers was safely out of the house before starting on Harry. He was so angry he could hardly 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
16	  Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while 	Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Harry at 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
17	  time. He was careful to walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley and 	Piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn't fall back on their 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
