1	  sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.   I want to go to the feast," he told Madam 	Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes. I can, can't I?"   "Professor Dumbledore says you are 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
2	 we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you -- but the food'll be good."   At that moment, Madam 	Pomfrey bustled over.   "You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT" she said firmly.   After a good night'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
3	  we're getting rid of Norbert."   Harry and Hermione didn't get a chance to answer. Madam 	Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep.   "It's too late 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
4	  my hand," he whispered, "although that feels like it's about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam 	Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of my books so he could come and have a good laugh 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
5	 . "My scar keeps hurting -- it's happened before, but never as often as this."   "Go to Madam 	Pomfrey," Hermione suggested.   "I'm not ill," said Harry. "I think it's a warning... it means danger'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
6	  for trying to send you a toilet seat. No doubt they thought it would amuse you. Madam 	Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienic, and confiscated it."   "How long have I been in 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
7	 s gone off somewhere."   "How's your arm?" said Harry.   "Fine," said Neville, showing them. "Madam 	Pomfrey mended it in about a minute."   "Good - well, look, Neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
8	 quite different. You need rest."   "I am resting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on, Madam 	Pomfrey..."   "Oh, very well," she said. "But five minutes only."   And she let Ron and Hermione in.   "Har	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
9	  down to the end-of-year feast alone that night. He had been held up by Madam 	Pomfrey's fussing about, insisting on giving him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full. 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
10	  popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth. Then he choked and said, "Alas! Ear wax!"   Madam 	Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict.   "Just five minutes," Harry pleaded.   "Absolutely 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
11	  to use them."   "It's lucky it's dark. I haven't blushed so much since Madam 	Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs."   Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
12	 . "Quirrell does not have the Stone."   "Then who does? Sir, I --"   "Harry, please relax, or Madam 	Pomfrey will have me thrown out.   Harry swallowed and looked around him. He realized he must be in 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
13	  to twice its usual size. He didn't know whether it was safe to go to Madam 	Pomfrey -- would she recognize a dragon bite? By the afternoon, though, he had no choice. The cut had 	- Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
