1	 Harry at all.   "Who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?" he asked Percy.   "Oh, you know 	Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he's looking so nervous, that's Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
2	 out -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall --" he ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor 	Quirrell -- an' Dumbledore himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Profe	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
3	 ze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed 	Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban. The few owls that managed to battle their way 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
4	 agic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?"   "D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts," muttered Professor 	Quirrell, as though he'd rather not think about it. "N-not that you n-need it, eh, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
5	 moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room, closely followed by Snape, with 	Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
6	  him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.   Harry jumped to his feet, caught 	Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could. Quirrell screamed and tried to throw 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	97
7	  along. Tried to frighten me - as though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side...."   	Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into it.   "I see the Stone... I'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
8	 tening him. Harry moved closer.   "All right -- all right --" he heard Quirrell sob.   Next second, 	Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban. He was pale and looked as though he 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
9	  at the start-of-term banquet.   Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor 	Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.   Everyone stared as he 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
10	  attention to the mirror.   "But Snape always seemed to hate me so much."   "Oh, he does," said 	Quirrell casually, "heavens, yes. He was at Hogwarts with your father, didn't you know? They loathed each 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	61
11	 muttering a countercurse, trying to save you."   "Snape was trying to save me?"   "Of course," said 	Quirrell coolly. "\Why do you think he wanted to referee your next match? He was trying to make 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
12	 rell's face -- "AAAARGH!"   Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: 	Quirrell couldn't touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain -- his only chance was to keep 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	95
13	 myself shaking hands with Dumbledore," he invented. "I -- I've won the house cup for Gryffindor."   	Quirrell cursed again.   "Get out of the way," he said. As Harry moved aside, he felt the Sorcerer'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	78
14	  stupid? He'd seen Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.   	Quirrell cursed under his breath.   "I don't understand... is the Stone inside the mirror? Should I break 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	67
15	  you how p- pleased I am to meet you."   "What sort of magic do you teach, Professor 	Quirrell?"   "D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts," muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he'd rather not 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
16	 ."   "But sit, the Stone I see you are not to be distracted. Very well, the Stone. Professor 	Quirrell did not manage to take it from you. I arrived in time to prevent that, although you 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	104
17	 e! Sir, quick --"   "Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said Dumbledore. "	Quirrell does not have the Stone."   "Then who does? Sir, I --"   "Harry, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey wil	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	102
18	  than anything else in the world at the moment, he thought, is to find the Stone before 	Quirrell does. So if I look in the mirror, I should see myseff finding it -- which means I'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	68
19	  with her head under her wing. He couldn't stop stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor 	Quirrell.   "Don' mention it," said Hagrid gruffly. "Don' expect you've had a lotta presents from them Dursl	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
20	  their hearts and minds.... Unicorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeks... you saw faithful 	Quirrell drinking it for me in the forest... and once I have the Elixir of Life, I will 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	84
21	  it?"   Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn't give. He had to keep 	Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.   "But Snape always seemed to hate me so much."   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	60
22	  who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever. It is in your very skin. 	Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, could not touch you for this	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	108
23	 , Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts."   "P-P-Potter," stammered Professor 	Quirrell, grasping Harry's hand, "c-can't t-tell you how p- pleased I am to meet 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
24	  looked as though he was about to cry. He strode out of sight; Harry didn't think 	Quirrell had even noticed him.   He waited until Quirrell's footsteps had disappeared, then peered into the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
25	 't sure they believed this story.   For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how 	Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, t	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
26	  let go of him. The pain in his head lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where 	Quirrell had gone, and saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering before his 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	88
27	  like an overgrown bat. Next to him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor 	Quirrell?"   Harry couldn't take it in. This couldn't be true, it couldn't.   "But Snape tried 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
28	  -- a feeling that he didn't like Harry at all.   "Who's that teacher talking to Professor 	Quirrell?" he asked Percy.   "Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he's looking so nervous, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
29	 fternoon, Harry," said Dumbledore. Harry stared at him. Then he remembered: "Sir! The Stone! It was 	Quirrell! He's got the Stone! Sir, quick --"   "Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	101
30	  along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor 	Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.   Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whis	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
31	  me, Master!"   And to Harry's horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come from 	Quirrell himself "Use the boy... Use the boy..."   Quirrell rounded on Harry.   "Yes -- Potter -- come here.	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	72
32	   "It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.   CHAPTER FOURTEEN   NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK   	Quirrell, however, must have been braver than they'd thought. In the weeks that followed he did seem 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
33	  around Harry's neck -- Harry's scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see 	Quirrell howling in agony.   "Master, I cannot hold him -- my hands -- my hands!"   And Quirrell, though pin	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	90
34	 concentrating on the mirror.   "I saw you and Snape in the forest --" he blurted out.   "Yes," said 	Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the back. "He was on to me by that 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
35	 ithout Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he tripped and fell over. 	Quirrell ignored him. He was still talking to himself. "What does this mirror do? How does it work? 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	71
36	 ing heavy drop into his real pocket. Somehow -- incredibly -- he'd gotten the Stone.   "Well?" said 	Quirrell impatiently. "What do you see?"   Harry screwed up his courage.   "I see myself shaking hands with 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	77
37	 nking deeply from his goblet.   Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore. Professor 	Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
38	  admirers," said Dumbledore, beaming. "What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor 	Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your friends Misters Fred an	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	103
39	 to examine this interesting mirror.   It was only then that Harry realized what was standing behind 	Quirrell.   It was the Mirror of Erised.   "This mirror is the key to finding the Stone," Quirrell murmured,	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
40	 mpires, m-myself." He looked terrified at the very thought.   But the others wouldn't let Professor 	Quirrell keep Harry to himself. It took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At last, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
41	  touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain -- his only chance was to keep hold of 	Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.   Harry jumped to his feet, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	96
42	 y. "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you here, Potter."   "But I thought -- Snape --"   "Severus?" 	Quirrell laughed, and it wasn't his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp. "Yes, Severus does 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
43	  was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, 	Quirrell let go of him. The pain in his head lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	87
44	 rs -- they were blistering before his eyes.   "Seize him! SEIZE HIM!" shrieked Voldemort again, and 	Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet' landing on top of him, both hands around Harry's 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	89
45	  must lie, he thought desperately. I must look and lie about what I see, that's all.   	Quirrell moved close behind him. Harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come from Quirrell's 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	75
46	  "Everyone thinks I'm special," he said at last. "All those people in the Leaky Cauldron, Professor 	Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander... but I don't know anything about magic at all. How can they expect great 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
47	  behind Quirrell.   It was the Mirror of Erised.   "This mirror is the key to finding the Stone," 	Quirrell murmured, tapping his way around the frame. "Trust Dumbledore to come up with something like this..	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
48	  up to? He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without 	Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignore	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	70
49	  I should be was the one I had just left. I arrived just in time to pull 	Quirrell off you."   "It was you."   "I feared I might be too late."   "You nearly were, I couldn'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	105
50	  was there in the classroom with you?" Harry gasped.   "He is with me wherever I go," said 	Quirrell quietly. "I met him when I traveled around the world. A foolish young man I was then, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	63
51	 ey looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.   "Then kill him, fool, and be done!" screeched Voldemort.   	Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	92
52	  Snare was rooting him to the spot. He couldn't move a muscle. Petrified, he watched as 	Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap his turban. What was going on? The turban fell away. Quirrell'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	81
53	  finding it -- which means I'll see where it's hidden! But how can I look without 	Quirrell realizing what I'm up to? He tried to edge to the left, to get in front 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	69
54	  hands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell off. Harry got slowly to his feet.   "Come here," 	Quirrell repeated. "Look in the mirror and tell me what you see."   Harry walked toward him.   I must 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	74
55	 form a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell's face -- "AAAARGH!"   	Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn't touch his bare 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	94
56	 oice answered, and the voice seemed to come from Quirrell himself "Use the boy... Use the boy..."   	Quirrell rounded on Harry.   "Yes -- Potter -- come here."   He clapped his hands once, and the ropes bindin	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	73
57	  HIM! KILL HIM!" and other voices, maybe in Harry's own head, crying, "Harry! Harry!"   He felt 	Quirrell's arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blackness, down ... down... down...	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	100
58	  Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed 	Quirrell's face -- "AAAARGH!"   Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quir	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	93
59	 ng -- I thought Snape was threatening you...."   For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across 	Quirrell's face.   "Sometimes," he said, "I find it hard to follow my master's instructions -- he is 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	62
60	 . He strode out of sight; Harry didn't think Quirrell had even noticed him.   He waited until 	Quirrell's footsteps had disappeared, then peered into the classroom. It was empty, but a door stood ajar 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
61	 sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed "SEIZE HIM!"   and the next second, Harry felt 	Quirrell's hand close on his wrist. At once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Harry's scar; 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	86
62	  Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap his turban. What was going on? The turban fell away. 	Quirrell's head looked strangely small without it. Then he turned slowly on the spot.   Harry would have 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	82
63	  have screamed, but he couldn't make a sound. Where there should have been a back to 	Quirrell's head, there was a face, the most terrible face Harry had ever seen. It was chalk 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	83
64	  get it. He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy - and he said something about 	Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
65	 's Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, but he doesn't want to -- everyone knows he's after 	Quirrell's job. Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, Snape."   Harry watched Snape for a while, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
66	 ile.   The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense Against the Dark Arts, but 	Quirrell's lessons turned out to be a bit of a joke. His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
67	 o find out how the other teachers had guarded it. He probably knew everything -- except, it seemed, 	Quirrell's spell and how to get past Fluffy.   "You're the only one who knows how to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
68	 ust've put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves 	Quirrell's spell, and Snape's."   They had reached another door.   "All right?" Harry whispered.   "Go on." 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
69	  gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron had started telling people off for laughing at 	Quirrell's stutter.   Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer's Stone. She had started 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
70	  off -- the pain in Harry's head was building -- he couldn't see -- he could only hear 	Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort's yells of, "KILL HIM! KILL HIM!" and other voices, maybe in 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	99
71	  on Astronomy. Harry told them what he'd heard.   "Snape's done it, then!" said Ron. "If 	Quirrell's told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell --"   "There's still Fluffy, though," said 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
72	  anything ourselves we'll be thrown out for sure."   "But we've got no proof!" said Harry. "	Quirrell's too scared to back us up. Snape's only got to say he doesn't know 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
73	  all.   Quirrell moved close behind him. Harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come from 	Quirrell's turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again.   He 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	76
74	  good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry told them what was under 	Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud.   "So the Stone's gone?" said Ron finally. "Flamel's just 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	112
75	 ir, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.   It happened very suddenly. The hook-nosed teacher looked past 	Quirrell's turban straight into Harry's eyes -- and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
76	  had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream. He was wearing Professor 	Quirrell's turban, which kept talking to him, telling him he must transfer to Slytherin at once, because 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
77	  one afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead. As he drew closer, he heard 	Quirrell's voice.   "No -- no -- not again, please --"   It sounded as though someone was threatening him. H	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
78	  was most displeased. He punished me... decided he would have to keep a closer watch on me...."   	Quirrell's voice trailed away. Harry was remembering his trip to Diagon Alley -how could he have been 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	65
79	  A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously. One of his eyes was twitching.   "Professor 	Quirrell!" said Hagrid. "Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts."   "P-P-Potter,	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
80	 mething else..."   "Fire away."   "Quirrell said Snape --"   "Professor Snape, Harry." "Yes, him -- 	Quirrell said he hates me because he hated my father. Is that true?"   "Well, they did rather detest 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	110
81	 o the kitchens to steal food when he was here."   "And there's something else..."   "Fire away."   "	Quirrell said Snape --"   "Professor Snape, Harry." "Yes, him -- Quirrell said he hates me because he hated 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	109
82	  of Hagrid's yet?"   "B-b-but Severus, I --"   "You don't want me as your enemy, 	Quirrell," said Snape, taking a step toward him.   "I-I don't know what you "You know perfectly 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
83	  jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could. 	Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry off -- the pain in Harry's head was building -- he couldn'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	98
84	  from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be walking with a new spring in his step -- 	Quirrell seemed to have given in at last.   Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
85	 , although I have let him down many times. He has had to be very hard on me."   	Quirrell shivered suddenly. "He does not forgive mistakes easily. When I failed to steal the stone from Grin	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	64
86	 poke, though Quirrell wasn't moving his lips.   "He lies... He lies..."   "Potter, come back here!" 	Quirrell shouted. "Tell me the truth! What did you just see?"   The high voice spoke again.   "Let me 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	80
87	 n Voldemort.   CHAPTER SEVENTEEN   THE MAN WITH TWO FACES It was Quirrell.   "You!" gasped Harry.   	Quirrell smiled. His face wasn't twitching at all.   "Me," he said calmly. "I wondered whether I'd 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
88	 ...   and what a waste of time, when after all that, I'm going to kill you tonight."   	Quirrell snapped his fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around Harry.   "Y	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
89	 d as though someone was threatening him. Harry moved closer.   "All right -- all right --" he heard 	Quirrell sob.   Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban. He was pa	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
90	  his head and strode out of the clearing. It was almost dark now, but Harry could see 	Quirrell, standing quite still as though he was petrified.   "Harry, where have you been?" Hermione squeaked	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
91	  that Snape needs to break through --"   "So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as 	Quirrell stands up to Snape?" said Hermione in alarm.   "It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
92	  far away by the time he gets back...."   All Harry could think of doing was to keep 	Quirrell talking and stop him from concentrating on the mirror.   "I saw you and Snape in the forest --" 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
93	  the true story is even more strange and exciting than the wild rumors. Harry told them everything: 	Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	111
94	  was remembering his trip to Diagon Alley -how could he have been so stupid? He'd seen 	Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.   Quirrell cursed under his breat	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	66
95	  in his usual bad temper, which surely meant that the Stone was still safe. Whenever Harry passed 	Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron had started telling people off 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
96	 e could see Quirrell howling in agony.   "Master, I cannot hold him -- my hands -- my hands!"   And 	Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	91
97	  perhaps looking for another body to share... not being truly alive, he cannot be killed.   He left 	Quirrell to die; he shows just as little mercy to his followers as his enemies. Nevertheless, Harry, while 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	106
98	  heard.   "So we were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and Snape's trying to force 	Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy - and he 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
99	  you get us caught, I'll never rest until I've learned that Curse of the Bogies 	Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.   Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
100	 all had come bursting into the room, closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. 	Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
101	 , you will know."   And Harry knew it would be no good to argue.   "But why couldn't 	Quirrell touch me?"   "Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing Voldemort cannot understand, it 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	107
102	   "Students aren't supposed to know about the Sorcerer's Stone, after all."   Harry leaned forward. 	Quirrell was mumbling something. Snape interrupted him.   "Have you found out how to get past that beast of 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
103	  turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that 	Quirrell was protected wherever he went.   Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn't miles 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
104	  to see through the leaves. Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn't alone. 	Quirrell was there, too.   Harry couldn't make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
105	  weeds.   Hagrid grinned at Harry.   "Told yeh, didn't I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor 	Quirrell was tremblin' ter meet yeh -- mind you, he's usually tremblin'."   "Is he always that nervous?"   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
106	 same end as your parents.... They died begging me for mercy..."   "LIAR!" Harry shouted suddenly.   	Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see him. The evil face was now 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	85
107	  a break for it? But he hadn't walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though 	Quirrell wasn't moving his lips.   "He lies... He lies..."   "Potter, come back here!" Quirrell shouted. "Te	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	79
108	   For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, 	Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
109	  on purpose, and was threatening to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor 	Quirrell, who was passing.   Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature with bul	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
110	 ry nervously. One of his eyes was twitching.   "Professor Quirrell!" said Hagrid. "Harry, Professor 	Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts."   "P-P-Potter," stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping H	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
111	 n there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and 	Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through --"   "So you mean 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
112	  wasn't Snape. It wasn't even Voldemort.   CHAPTER SEVENTEEN   THE MAN WITH TWO FACES It was 	Quirrell.   "You!" gasped Harry.   Quirrell smiled. His face wasn't twitching at all.   "Me," he said calmly	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
