1	 business goes well, Baron, I'll not bother you."   And he scooted off "Brilliant, Harry!" whispered 	Ron.   A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor -- and the door was alrea	cerer's Stone.txt	0	366
2	 . It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.   "It's an invisibility cloak," said 	Ron, a look of awe on his face. "I'm sure it is -- try it on."   Harry threw 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	236
3	 ost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they?" said Harry miserably.   "Well -- no," 	Ron admitted.   It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to himself not to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	334
4	  she's taken off Hermione's."   "Good of her to get us out of trouble like that," 	Ron admitted. "Mind you, we did save her."   "She might not have needed saving if we hadn't 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	189
5	  funny. And look after Ron."   "Don't worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us."   "Shut up," said 	Ron again. He was almost as tall as the twins already and his nose was still pink where 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	6
6	 . "It's just lucky I got it back."   "But will it cover all three of us?" said 	Ron.   "All -- all three of us?"   "Oh, come off it, you don't think we'd let you 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	359
7	  very selfish of you."   "And it's really none of your business," said Harry.   "Good-bye," said 	Ron.   All the same, it wasn't what you'd call the perfect end to the day, Harry 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	127
8	  ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they wouldn't work.   	Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess. This was exactly like Muggle chess except that the figure	cerer's Stone.txt	0	226
9	  on a toilet, clutching his heart.   Snape bent over the troll. Professor McGonagall was looking at 	Ron and Harry. Harry had never seen her look so angry. Her lips were white.   Hopes of winning 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	181
10	  right? We'll meet you in the trophy room; that's always unlocked."   When Malfoy had gone, 	Ron and Harry looked at each other. "What is a wizard's duel?" said Harry. "And what do 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	122
11	  threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris came round the door. 	Ron and Harry stood quite still, both thinking the same thing -- did the cloak work on cats? After 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	257
12	 ask them."   "Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Hermione.   Once the holidays had started, 	Ron and Harry were having too good a time to think much about Flamel. They had the dormitory 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	225
13	 .   Harry nodded.   "Oh -well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George's jokes," said 	Ron. "And have you really got -- you know..."   He pointed at Harry's forehead.   Harry pulled back his	cerer's Stone.txt	0	12
14	 . How much had he heard? Harry didn't like the look on Malfoy's face at all.   	Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, Hermione agreed to run down 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	319
15	  a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once. He slipped into a seat between 	Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were standing up 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	418
16	  had seen in the forest, or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but 	Ron and Hermione didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Harry. The idea of Voldemort certainly 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	345
17	 'ta told yeh that!" he blurted out. "Forget I said it! Hey -- where're yeh goin'?"   Harry, 	Ron, and Hermione didn't speak to each other at all until they came to a halt in 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	352
18	 !"   Wishing he'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Harry left the library. He, 	Ron, and Hermione had already agreed they'd better not ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	222
19	  worried, or why they had both brought their wands to the match. Little did Harry know that 	Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker Curse. They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	284
20	  mind off his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of Snape? Getting up, he told 	Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if he could have it.   "Better you than me," 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	195
21	  I ever-"   He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at 	Ron and Hermione.   "I've found him!" he whispered. "I've found Flamel! I told you I'd 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	270
22	  team that Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match.   "I'm going to play," he told 	Ron and Hermione. "If I don't, all the Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	280
23	  hour in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; 	Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.   Harry 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	298
24	 . Oh, go on, Madam Pomfrey..."   "Oh, very well," she said. "But five minutes only."   And she let 	Ron and Hermione in.   "Harry!"   Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry w	cerer's Stone.txt	0	410
25	  this, though. He was being made a cup of strong tea back in Hagrid's hut, with 	Ron and Hermione.   "It was Snape," Ron was explaining, "Hermione and I saw him. He was cursing your 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	209
26	  raised high in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going on sometimes.   	Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row. As 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	198
27	 needed was a nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.   Five minutes later, 	Ron and Hermione joined him, shaking their heads.   They went off to lunch.   "You will keep looking wh	cerer's Stone.txt	0	223
28	 't far away. All the studying he had to do kept his mind off his misery. He, 	Ron, and Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients i	cerer's Stone.txt	0	335
29	  had gone on next to him in the stands. "Why would Snape do somethin' like that?"   Harry, 	Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell him. Harry decided on the truth.   "I 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	211
30	 's pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.   	Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to Neville, who couldn't understand 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	283
31	 it, getting warm, when Snape crossed the yard. Harry noticed at once that Snape was limping. Harry, 	Ron, and Hermione moved closer together to block the fire from view; they were sure it wouldn't 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	191
32	  famous," said Ron, grinning at him.   "Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Harry.   He, 	Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway together. "There he is, Mom, there he is, look!"   It was 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	426
33	  the end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the Gryffindor common room, where he found 	Ron and Hermione playing chess. Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron	cerer's Stone.txt	0	263
34	  Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand. 	Ron and Hermione's cheers echoed around the high chamber.   They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	389
35	 y hurting him," said Ron bitterly.   The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Harry, 	Ron, and Hermione sat together next to a window. Hermione was checking Harry and Ron's Charms homework 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	193
36	 , we haven't got all day." He walked away.   Harry hung back for a last word with 	Ron and Hermione.   "See you over the summer, then."   "Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said He	cerer's Stone.txt	0	429
37	 om what looked like black stone. Facing them, way across the chamber, were the white pieces. Harry, 	Ron and Hermione shivered slightly -- the towering white chessmen had no faces.   "Now what do we do?" 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	390
38	 e cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.   "Budge up there, move along."   "Hagrid!"   	Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.   "Bin watchin' from me hu	cerer's Stone.txt	0	199
39	  of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted from the Gryffindor table. Harry, 	Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	420
40	 Hermione.   As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervous, whatever he told 	Ron and Hermione. The rest of the team wasn't too calm, either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	281
41	  their backs on the white pieces and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, 	Ron, and Hermione took.   "White always plays first in chess," said Ron, peering across the board.   "Y	cerer's Stone.txt	0	397
42	  the dragon.   Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week made Harry, 	Ron, and Hermione very nervous. They spent most of their free time in Hagrid's darkened hut, trying 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	320
43	 nds.   Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the next afternoon, that 	Ron and Hermione were wondering whether they'd ever see him alive again. This wasn't what you'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	282
44	 , are yeh? Look, Snape helped protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it."   Harry knew 	Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he was. If Snape had been in on protecting the 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	314
45	 g than the wild rumors. Harry told them everything: Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. 	Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	412
46	 't look as though he'd cracked yet.   Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, 	Ron, and Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	302
47	  feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be the best Christmas he'd ever had. 	Ron and his brothers were staying, too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania to visit 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	212
48	 , Hermione," said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.   "Yeah," said 	Ron, "and lucky Harry doesn't lose his head in a crisis -- 'there's no wood,' honestly."   "This 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	381
49	  himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his fingertips. Then he looked up at 	Ron and said, "If anything happens to me, don't follow. Go straight to the owlery and send 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	374
50	  on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.   "Confuse it!" Harry said desperately to 	Ron, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against the wall.   The troll 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	175
51	 quilt over it.   "Make yerselves at home," said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at 	Ron and started licking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.   "This 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	97
52	 said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him.   At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, 	Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying les	cerer's Stone.txt	0	114
53	 gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be Hagrid's assistant. His stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching 	Ron and the others becoming wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying Hagrid's bag.   Profe	cerer's Stone.txt	0	117
54	 ere."   "I'm sayin' nothin, said Hagrid flatly.   "Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said 	Ron, and they left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.   They had indeed been se	cerer's Stone.txt	0	220
55	  Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you.   She said all this very fast.   Harry looked at 	Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadn't learned all the course 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	47
56	  to bed. The clock on the wall had just chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open. 	Ron appeared out of nowhere as he pulled off Harry's invisibility cloak. He had been down at 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	326
57	 ting nearer. Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run -he tripped, grabbed 	Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.   The clanging 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	139
58	  to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost once.   "What have we got today?" Harry asked 	Ron as he poured sugar on his porridge.   "Double Potions with the Slytherins," said Ron. "Snape's Head	cerer's Stone.txt	0	89
59	    "We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Harry.   "You'll understand later, Neville," said 	Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the invisibility cloak.   But leaving Neville lying motionle	cerer's Stone.txt	0	364
60	 re Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor. He sprinted back upstairs.   "Did you get it?" 	Ron asked as Harry joined them. "What's the matter?"   In a low whisper, Harry told them what 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	196
61	 ad been a lot more comfortable saying "Voldemort" without worrying.   "What's your Quidditch team?" 	Ron asked.   "Er -- I don't know any," Harry confessed.   "What!" Ron looked dumbfounded. "Oh, you wait	cerer's Stone.txt	0	55
62	  and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.   "Hi, Hagrid, want any help?" 	Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.   "Nah, I'm all right, thanks, Ron."   "Would you mi	cerer's Stone.txt	0	213
63	  down.   "It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Hermione, but this didn't soothe 	Ron at all. On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke into a sweat.   "Midnight on Saturday!" 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	331
64	  with his wand and set fire to it -- Harry had to put it out with his hat.   	Ron, at the next table, wasn't having much more luck.   "Wingardium Leviosa!" he shouted, waving his lo	cerer's Stone.txt	0	161
65	 work.   "Stay there!" she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls' dormitories. Harry and 	Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	271
66	  enough to help him, apart from you."   Hagrid's chest swelled at these last words. Harry and 	Ron beamed at Hermione.   "Well, I don' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that... let's 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	313
67	  his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with 	Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	74
68	 es -- of course -- but there's no wood!" Hermione cried, wringing her hands.   "HAVE YOU GONE MAD?" 	Ron bellowed. "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?"   "Oh, right!" said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	380
69	 arm.   "I've just thought -- Hermione."   "What about her?"   "She doesn't know about the troll."   	Ron bit his lip.   "Oh, all right," he snapped. "But Percy'd better not see us."   Ducking down, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	169
70	 . "Wonder what's wrong with his leg?"   "Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting him," said 	Ron bitterly.   The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat to	cerer's Stone.txt	0	192
71	 rry and Ron. The twins slid the compartment door shut behind them.   "Are you really Harry Potter?" 	Ron blurted out.   Harry nodded.   "Oh -well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George's 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	11
72	  a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.   "You must come and stay this summer," said 	Ron, "both of you -- I'll send you an owl."   "Thanks," said Harry, "I'll need something to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	424
73	  the library with her, trying to get through all their extra work.   "I'll never remember this," 	Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down his quill and looking longingly out of the library window. I	cerer's Stone.txt	0	307
74	 owl.   "Hullo," he said, smiling. "Finished yer exams? Got time fer a drink?"   "Yes, please," said 	Ron, but Harry cut him off.   "No, we're in a hurry. Hagrid, I've got to ask 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	351
75	 , don't you think? Why didn't I see it before?"   "What are you talking about?" said 	Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.   Hagrid was sitting in 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	350
76	  -- and was startled to see that she was in tears.   "I think she heard you."   "So?" said 	Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable. "She must've noticed she's got no friends."   Hermione didn'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	164
77	 . "I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading."   "Light?" said 	Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she'd looked something up, and started flicking franticall	cerer's Stone.txt	0	272
78	  not really frogs, are they?" He was starting to feel that nothing would surprise him.   "No," said 	Ron. "But see what the card is. I'm missing Agrippa."   "What?"   "Oh, of course, you wouldn't 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	33
79	  about was never going near the dog again.   Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and 	Ron, but she was such a bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	149
80	  hair, and rather large front teeth.   "We've already told him we haven't seen it," said 	Ron, but the girl wasn't listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.   "Oh, are 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	45
81	  Harry, more bravely than he felt, because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or 	Ron.   "But we don't feet like leaving, do we, boys? We've eaten all our food and 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	60
82	 , if you don't hurry up, he'll already have the Stone!"   There was no alternative.   "Ready?" 	Ron called, his face pale but determined. "Here I go - now, don't hang around once you've 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	405
83	 .   "So this is Dumbledore!" said Harry.   "Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!" said 	Ron. "Can I have a frog? I might get Agrippa -- thanks Harry turned over his card and read: 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	34
84	  mean, you're my second?"   "Well, a second's there to take over if you die," said 	Ron casually, getting started at last on his cold pie. Catching the look on Harry's face, he 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	123
85	  Quirrell stands up to Snape?" said Hermione in alarm.   "It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said 	Ron.   CHAPTER FOURTEEN   NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK   Quirrell, however, must have been braver th	cerer's Stone.txt	0	301
86	  keep him forever, but I can't jus' dump him, I can't."   Harry suddenly turned to 	Ron. Charlie, he said.   "You're losing it, too," said Ron. "I'm Ron, remember?"   "No -- Charlie -- yo	cerer's Stone.txt	0	322
87	  running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and down, 	Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.   Harry had reached the shed. He leaned against the wooden door	cerer's Stone.txt	0	299
88	 table and a second later the hat had shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!"   Harry clapped loudly with the rest as 	Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.   "Well done, Ron, excellent," said Percy Weasley Pompously a	cerer's Stone.txt	0	80
89	  and watch out for Snape.   "And we'd better stay outside the third-floor corridor," Harry told 	Ron.   "Come on."   But that part of the plan didn't work. No sooner had they reached the 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	356
90	 n Romania."   "But there aren't wild dragons in Britain?" said Harry.   "Of course there are," said 	Ron. "Common Welsh Green and Hebridean Blacks. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	312
91	 ," Malfoy snapped back. "I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig."   Before 	Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy's elbow.   "Not arguing, I hope, boys?" he sque	cerer's Stone.txt	0	154
92	 something -- jinxing the broom," said Hermione.   "What should we do?"   "Leave it to me."   Before 	Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared. Ron turned the binoculars back on Harry. His broo	cerer's Stone.txt	0	205
93	 .   "I'm not ill," said Harry. "I think it's a warning... it means danger's coming...."   	Ron couldn't get worked up, it was too hot.   "Harry, relax, Hermione's right, the Stone's 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	348
94	  his face. "You'll be in for it this time, Potter, first years aren't allowed them."   	Ron couldn't resist it.   "It's not any old broomstick," he said, "it's a Nimbus Two 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	152
95	 tly. Ron had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soccer. 	Ron couldn't see what was exciting about a game with only one ball where no one was 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	111
96	  Harry feared most was that he might not be able to find the mirror room again. With 	Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much more slowly the next night. They tried 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	249
97	 , whispered, "I'll come back,"   and hurried from the room.   "You could have woken me up," said 	Ron, crossly.   "You can come tonight, I'm going back, I want to show you the mirror.   "I'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	245
98	 id Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er..."   "Where did you get it, Hagrid?" said 	Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg. "It must've cost you 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	315
99	  before?"   Harry explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley.   "I've heard of his family," said 	Ron darkly. "They were some of the first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	65
100	   "Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa doing something for Gringotts," said 	Ron. "Did you hear about Gringotts? It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	54
101	 's going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, Weasley?"   	Ron didn't answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley had hit a Bludger	cerer's Stone.txt	0	289
102	  idea that they were witches and wizards. There was so much to learn that even people like 	Ron didn't have much of a head start.   Friday was an important day for Harry and Ron. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	87
103	 know about the Stone or Fluffy. That'll take a lot of explaining."   Hermione looked convinced, but 	Ron didn't.   "If we just do a bit of poking around --"   "No," said Harry flatly, "we've 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	340
104	 , hoping to come across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. Harry and 	Ron didn't talk much. Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do.   Slowly, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	360
105	  hut of Hagrid's must seem like a palace compared to what your family's used to."   	Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.   "WEASLEY!"   Ron let go of the front 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	215
106	 , stay below and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it. Right, NOW!"   	Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped tow	cerer's Stone.txt	0	388
107	  life. The horse pawed the ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at 	Ron.   "Do we -- er -- have to join you to get across?" The black knight nodded. Ron turned to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	393
108	  never blown up a toilet."   "Great idea though, thanks, Mom."   "It's not funny. And look after 	Ron."   "Don't worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us."   "Shut up," said Ron again. He was almost 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	5
109	  at the Quidditch match, that's why he's doing this."   Harry and Hermione tried to calm 	Ron down.   "It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Hermione, but this didn't soothe 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	330
110	  so the first time I ever met him, " said Harry.   "But it's against our laws," said 	Ron. "Dragon breeding was outlawed by the Warlocks' Convention of 1709, everyone knows that. It's hard 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	311
111	  I could deal with it on my own -- you know, because I've read all about them."   	Ron dropped his wand. Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher? "If they hadn't found 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	184
112	  that's where You-Know-Who "Yes," said Harry, "but I can't remember it."   "Nothing?" said 	Ron eagerly.   "Well -- I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else."   "Wow," said Ron. He sat 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	14
113	  share before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling, sitting there with 	Ron, eating their way through all Harry's pasties, cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).  	cerer's Stone.txt	0	31
114	  do it at a bit of a run if you're nervous. Go on, go now before 	Ron."   "Er -- okay," said Harry.   He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier. It looked v	cerer's Stone.txt	0	2
115	  Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.   Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell 	Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	137
116	 ! Broomsticks! We've got to catch the key to the door!"   "But there are hundreds of them!"   	Ron examined the lock on the door.   "We're looking for a big, old-fashioned one -- probably silver, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	385
117	 !"   Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.   "Well done, 	Ron, excellent," said Percy Weasley Pompously across Harry as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin. P	cerer's Stone.txt	0	81
118	 h of dunderheads as I usually have to teach."   More silence followed this little speech. Harry and 	Ron exchanged looks with raised eyebrows. Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked despe	cerer's Stone.txt	0	92
119	  said, hurrying to stand in front of the portrait hole. "I'll -- I'll fight you!"   "Neville, "	Ron exploded, "get away from that hole and don't be an idiot --"   "Don't you call me 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	362
120	  them what was under Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud.   "So the Stone's gone?" said 	Ron finally. "Flamel's just going to die?"   "That's what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that -- what 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	413
121	  do they think they're doing, keeping a thing like that locked up in a school?" said 	Ron finally. "If any dog needs exercise, that one does."   Hermione had got both her breath and her 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	143
122	  of a postage stamp, which was the open trapdoor, "it's a soft landing, you can jump!"   	Ron followed right away. He landed, sprawled next to Harry.   "What's this stuff?" were his first words	cerer's Stone.txt	0	376
123	 . My aunt and uncle and cousin are, though. Wish I'd had three wizard brothers."   "Five," said 	Ron. For some reason, he was looking gloomy. "I'm the sixth in our family to go to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	20
124	 he window again.   "Are all your family wizards?" asked Harry, who found Ron just as interesting as 	Ron found him.   "Er -- Yes, I think so," said Ron. "I think Mom's got a second cousin 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	17
125	 . It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it went.   "Oy, pea-brain!" yelled 	Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it. The troll 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	176
126	  into bed was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had sent it.   	Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	243
127	    A lamp flickered on. It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.   "You!" said 	Ron furiously. "Go back to bed!"   "I almost told your brother," Hermione snapped, "Percy -- he's a pre	cerer's Stone.txt	0	130
128	 it.   Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds. 	Ron gasped.   "I've heard of those," he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	235
129	  me, I didn't know anything about be ing a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort"   	Ron gasped.   "What?" said Harry.   "You said You-Know-Who's name!" said Ron, sounding both shocked and	cerer's Stone.txt	0	25
130	  the pale boy carelessly, noticing where Harry was looking. "And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."   	Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget. Draco Malfoy looked at him.   "Think 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	57
131	  face. "I'm sure it is -- try it on."   Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and 	Ron gave a yell.   "It is! Look down!"   Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	237
132	  obviously makes more of an effort if you're not family."   "Why aren't you wearing yours, 	Ron?" George demanded. "Come on, get it on, they're lovely and warm."   "I hate maroon," Ron moaned 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	240
133	  a sniffy voice. "And you've got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you know?"   	Ron glared at her as she left. Harry peered out of the window. It was getting dark. He 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	67
134	 , bet he knew it was a dud."   "What house are your brothers in?" asked Harry.   "Gryffindor," said 	Ron. Gloom seemed to be settling on him again. "Mom and Dad were in it, too. I don'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	51
135	  the right end of the line.   "You drink that," said Harry. "No, listen, get back and get 	Ron. Grab brooms from the flying- key room, they'll get you out of the trapdoor and past 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	409
136	    "What are you doing?" moaned Ron, gray-faced.   "I knew it," Hermione gasped, "Snape -- look."   	Ron grabbed the binoculars. Snape was in the middle of the stands opposite them. He had his eyes 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	204
137	 f looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.   "What are you doing?" moaned 	Ron, gray-faced.   "I knew it," Hermione gasped, "Snape -- look."   Ron grabbed the binoculars. Snape w	cerer's Stone.txt	0	203
138	 le pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.   "I'll get him," said 	Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, "one of these days, I'll get him --"   "I hate 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	217
139	  Nimbus Two Thousand.   What did you say you've got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?" 	Ron grinned at Harry. "Comets look flashy, but they're not in the same league as the Nimbus."   "	cerer's Stone.txt	0	153
140	 to the Muggle world. Some of them called: "Bye, Harry!"   "See you, Potter!"   "Still famous," said 	Ron, grinning at him.   "Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Harry.   He, Ron, and Hermione 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	425
141	 , peering over the dog's back. "Want to go first, Hermione?"   "No, I don't!"   "All right." 	Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dog's legs. He bent and pulled the ring 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	371
142	  almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.   "GRYFFINDOR!" shouted the hat. 	Ron groaned.   A horrible thought struck Harry, as horrible thoughts always do when you're very nervous	cerer's Stone.txt	0	77
143	 smell of the troll, quite apart from anything else.   "We should have gotten more than ten points," 	Ron grumbled.   "Five, you mean, once she's taken off Hermione's."   "Good of her to get us 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	188
144	  she was looking for.   "I knew it! I knew it!"   "Are we allowed to speak yet?" said 	Ron grumpily. Hermione ignored him.   "Nicolas Flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	273
145	  in the dark and silence. He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and Filch would never know.   	Ron grunted in his sleep. Should Harry wake him? Something held him back -- his father's cloak -- he 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	244
146	 d just finished telling Ron what had happened when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall. 	Ron had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten all 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	119
147	 lider on Charlie's old broom.   Everyone from wizarding families talked about Quidditch constantly. 	Ron had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soccer. Ron coul	cerer's Stone.txt	0	110
148	    He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Harry shivering behind him.   	Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to return. He shouted something about 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	342
149	 evon with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).   "See?" said Hermione, when Harry and 	Ron had finished. "The dog must be guarding Flamel's Sorcerer's Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	276
150	 in the Sahara Desert.   Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and 	Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it. The day before 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	190
151	 uch later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Neville wasn't back from the hospital wing). 	Ron had spent all evening giving him advice such as "If he tries to curse you, you'd 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	128
152	 still safe. Whenever Harry passed Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and 	Ron had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell's stutter.   Hermione, however, had more on	cerer's Stone.txt	0	303
153	  seat.   "Hungry, are you?"   "Starving," said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.   	Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it. There were four sandwiches inside. He pulled one 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	29
154	 rnoon.   Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but 	Ron hadn't mentioned the date.   "Hagrid!" said Harry, "that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday	cerer's Stone.txt	0	106
155	 't hang around once you've won."   He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced. She struck 	Ron hard across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor - Hermione screamed but 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	406
156	 . The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With one last desperate look back at 	Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway.   "What if he's --?"   "He	cerer's Stone.txt	0	408
157	 't the same as bein' in the crowd. No sign of the Snitch yet, eh?"   "Nope," said 	Ron. "Harry hasn't had much to do yet."   "Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin'," said Hagrid, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	200
158	  he is, look!"   It was Ginny Weasley, Ron's younger sister, but she wasn't pointing at 	Ron.   "Harry Potter!" she squealed. "Look, Mom! I can see "Be quiet, Ginny, and it's rude to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	428
159	  down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan's got a giant tarantula down there."   "Right," mumbled 	Ron.   "Harry," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves? Fred and George Weasley. And this is 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	8
160	  started licking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.   "This is 	Ron," Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	98
161	  me in Slytherin."   "That's the house Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who was in?"   "Yeah," said 	Ron. He flopped back into his seat, looking depressed.   "You know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whisk	cerer's Stone.txt	0	52
162	  had disappeared.   "He's gone!"   "Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day," said 	Ron. "He'll be back. No, I've got Morgana again and I've got about six of 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	35
163	  stop to this."   Harry couldn't believe anyone could be so interfering.   "Come on," he said to 	Ron. He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climbed through the hole.   Hermione wasn't 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	131
164	 ."   "And no wonder we couldn't find Flamel in that Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry," said 	Ron. "He's not exactly recent if he's six hundred and sixty-five, is he?"   The next 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	277
165	  don't want more trouble," he mumbled.   "You've got to stand up to him, Neville!" said 	Ron. "He's used to walking all over people, but that's no reason to lie down in 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	269
166	 ng?" said Ron eagerly.   "Well -- I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else."   "Wow," said 	Ron. He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments, then, as though he had suddenly realized 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	15
167	  the train, it will be taken to the school separately."   Harry's stomach lurched with nerves and 	Ron, he saw, looked pale under his freckles. They crammed their pockets with the last of the sweets 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	70
168	  in the Gryffindor common room, where Harry broke in his new chess set by losing spectacularly to 	Ron. He suspected he wouldn't have lost so badly if Percy hadn't tried to help him 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	242
169	  toadless boy with her.   "Whatever house I'm in, I hope she's not in it," said 	Ron. He threw his wand back into his trunk. "Stupid spell -- George gave it to me, bet he 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	50
170	  higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from 	Ron.   He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair. Malfoy looked stunned.   "Give it her	cerer's Stone.txt	0	116
171	 . "And it's really thanks to Malfoy here that I've got it," he added.   Harry and 	Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy's obvious rage and confusion. "Well, it's true	cerer's Stone.txt	0	155
172	 next corridor after Snape's fading footsteps.   "He's heading for the third floor," Harry said, but 	Ron held up his hand.   "Can you smell something?"   Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostri	cerer's Stone.txt	0	171
173	  looked up. It was Hermione Granger.   "Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said 	Ron.   Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.   "I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were	cerer's Stone.txt	0	125
174	  by now what it does?"   "It -- well -- it shows me my family --"   "And it showed your friend 	Ron himself as head boy."   "How did you know --?"   "I don't need a cloak to become invisible," 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	261
175	  me.... I suppose that's written in the stars as well."   "Will you stop saying the name!" 	Ron hissed.   "So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone," Harry 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	344
176	 Harry's pasties, cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).   "What are these?" Harry asked 	Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs.   "They're not really frogs, are they?" He was starting 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	32
177	  him. Charlie can take care of him and then put him back in the wild!"   "Brilliant!" said 	Ron. "How about it, Hagrid?"   And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send -an owl to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	325
178	  have Charlie's answer!"   The three of them put their heads together to read the note.   Dear 	Ron,   How are you? Thanks for the letter -- I'd be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	327
179	 partner was Seamus Finnigan (which was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye). 	Ron, however, was to be working with Hermione Granger. It was hard to tell whether Ron or Hermione 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	159
180	  ill," said Ron.   "Pretend to break your leg," Hermione suggested.   "Really break your leg," said 	Ron.   "I can't," said Harry. "There isn't a reserve Seeker. If I back out, Gryffindor can'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	267
181	  to get his attention and pointed at himself.   "You want to go first? Are you sure?" said 	Ron. "I don't know how deep this thing goes. Give the flute to Hermione so she can 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	373
182	  didn't quite meet his eyes when he said that.   "How's yer brother Charlie?" Hagrid asked 	Ron. "I liked him a lot -- great with animals."   Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	103
183	 , I can't."   Harry suddenly turned to Ron. Charlie, he said.   "You're losing it, too," said 	Ron. "I'm Ron, remember?"   "No -- Charlie -- your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons.   We	cerer's Stone.txt	0	323
184	 as keeping safe."   "Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,"   snapped 	Ron. "I'm with Harry. I wouldn't put anything past Snape. But what's he after? What'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	197
185	  Harry, who found Ron just as interesting as Ron found him.   "Er -- Yes, I think so," said 	Ron. "I think Mom's got a second cousin who's an accountant, but we never talk about 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	18
186	 Harry through the hangings.   "Get off, Scabbers! He's chewing my sheets."   Harry was going to ask 	Ron if he'd had any of the treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once.   Perhaps 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	85
187	  miserably. "Well, if you see him..."   He left.   "Don't know why he's so bothered," said 	Ron. "If I'd brought a toad I'd lose it as quick as I could. Mind you, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	42
188	  testing Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them what he'd heard.   "Snape's done it, then!" said 	Ron. "If Quirrell's told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell --"   "There's still Fluffy, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	337
189	  still lookin' fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?" "Oh, we found out who he is ages ago," said 	Ron impressively. "And we know what that dog's guarding, it's a Sorcerer's St --"   "Shhhh!" Hagrid 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	309
190	 .   Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find 	Ron in a terrible state in bed.   "It's not just my hand," he whispered, "although that feels 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	329
191	 ... and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich...."   "Stop saying the name!" said 	Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.   Harry wasn't listening.   "Fi	cerer's Stone.txt	0	343
192	 an excellent adventure, and they were quite keen to have another one. In the meantime, Harry filled 	Ron in about the package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and they spent 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	147
193	  snoozing on Ron's lap.   "He might have died and you wouldn't know the difference," said 	Ron in disgust. "I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more interesting, but the spell 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	44
194	  were the one who told me to stand up to people!"   "Yes, but not to us," said 	Ron in exasperation. "Neville, you don't know what you're doing."   He took a step forward and 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	363
195	  see you."   "Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am."   Harry stepped aside, but with 	Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn't see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	252
196	  aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn't see his family anymore, just 	Ron in his paisley pajamas.   Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.   "Look at me!" he said	cerer's Stone.txt	0	253
197	  never seen Snape look so mean," he told Hermione. "Look -they're off Ouch!"   Someone had poked 	Ron in the back of the head. It was Malfoy.   "Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn't see you there."   	cerer's Stone.txt	0	288
198	  they deserved what they'd got.   At eleven o'clock that night, they said good-bye to 	Ron in the common room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. Filch was already there -- 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	341
199	  him. He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before.   Harry, still cheering, nudged 	Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	421
200	  pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward 	Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.   "Come on, run, run!" Harry yelled at Hermione, tryin	cerer's Stone.txt	0	177
201	  if you find anything."   "And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is," said 	Ron.   "It'd be safe to ask them."   "Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Hermione.   Once 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	224
202	  hand.   "I thought you weren't speaking to us?" said Harry.   "Yes, don't stop now," said 	Ron, "it's doing us so much good."   Hermione marched away with her nose in the air.   Harry 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	156
203	  there were only three people left to be sorted. "Thomas, Dean,"   a Black boy even taller than 	Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table.   "Turpin, Lisa," became a Ravenclaw and then it was Ron's 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	78
204	  Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his hand.   Harry and 	Ron jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfay, but Professor McGonagall,	cerer's Stone.txt	0	113
205	  he looked quickly out of the window again.   "Are all your family wizards?" asked Harry, who found 	Ron just as interesting as Ron found him.   "Er -- Yes, I think so," said Ron. "I think Mom'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	16
206	  able to show me your other brothers and everyone."   "You can see them any old time," said 	Ron. "Just come round my house this summer. Anyway, maybe it only shows dead people. Shame about not 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	247
207	  you've lost for Gryffindor."   This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but 	Ron kicked him behind their cauldron.   "Doi* push it," he muttered, "I've heard Snape can turn very 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	95
208	  in his family -- in this case, his grandfather. However, old chessmen weren't a drawback at all. 	Ron knew them so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted.   Harry played 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	228
209	  hadn't found me, I'd be dead now. Harry stuck his wand up its nose and 	Ron knocked it out with its own club. They didn't have time to come and fetch anyone. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	185
210	 !"   "Oh, I'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help," snarled 	Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his neck. "Shut up, I'm trying 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	379
211	  food and you still seem to have some."   Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - 	Ron leapt forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.   	cerer's Stone.txt	0	62
212	  your family's used to."   Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.   "WEASLEY!"   	Ron let go of the front of Malfoy's robes.   "He was provoked, Professor Snape," said Hagrid, sticking 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	216
213	  from the library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.   "I'm freezing," said 	Ron. "Let's forget it and go back."   "No!" Harry hissed. I know it's here somewhere."   They 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	250
214	  leaves you free to checkmate the king, Harry!"   "But --"   "Do you want to stop Snape or not?"   "	Ron --"   "Look, if you don't hurry up, he'll already have the Stone!"   There was no alternative.   "	cerer's Stone.txt	0	404
215	  feet, "I don't want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already."   	Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.   "If either of you get 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	136
216	 .   "What's your Quidditch team?" Ron asked.   "Er -- I don't know any," Harry confessed.   "What!" 	Ron looked dumbfounded. "Oh, you wait, it's the best game in the world --" And he was off, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	56
217	  her friend Lavender that Hermione was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone.   	Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	166
218	  wand in his hand.   "Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see it, then."   She sat down. 	Ron looked taken aback.   "Er -- all right."   He cleared his throat.   "Sunshine, daisies, butter mell	cerer's Stone.txt	0	46
219	  mind, death is but the next great adventure.   "I always said he was off his rocker," said 	Ron, looking quite impressed at how crazy his hero was.   "So what happened to you two?" said Harry.   	cerer's Stone.txt	0	414
220	  dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown.   "Had to let that happen," said 	Ron, looking shaken. "Leaves you free to take that bishop, Hermione, go on."   Every time one of their 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	400
221	 ough," said Hermione.   "Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,"   said 	Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them. "I bet there's a book somewhere in 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	338
222	  was trying to stop you, and you can back me up."   "You've got some nerve --" said 	Ron loudly.   "Shut up, both of you!" said Harry sharply. I heard something."   It was a sort of 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	134
223	 .   "We must be miles under the school , she said.   "Lucky this plant thing's here, really," said 	Ron.   "Lucky!" shrieked Hermione. "Look at you both!"   She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall.	cerer's Stone.txt	0	377
224	 to his feet, trembling. "What happened?" Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit with Harry and 	Ron.   "Malfoy," said Neville shakily. "I met him outside the library. He said he'd been looking for 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	268
225	 UR CONK!"   Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch. Harry and 	Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning. Filch found them 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	86
226	  as they climbed the stairs.   "Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said 	Ron. "Maybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke."   They passed different groups of people hurrying i	cerer's Stone.txt	0	167
227	  end of the corridor where they slammed into a door -- and it was locked.   "This is it!" 	Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, "We're done for! This is the end!" They 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	142
228	  difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to read.   "A Nimbus Two Thousand!" 	Ron moaned enviously. "I've never even touched one."   They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap th	cerer's Stone.txt	0	151
229	  yours, Ron?" George demanded. "Come on, get it on, they're lovely and warm."   "I hate maroon," 	Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.   "You haven't got a letter on yours," 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	241
230	 oke to Harry.   "I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying --"   "Bet you could," 	Ron muttered.   "--and you mustn't go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	126
231	  about to do.   Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.   "Better get the cloak," 	Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning. Harry ran upstairs to their dark dorm	cerer's Stone.txt	0	361
232	  his big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face. He couldn't miss it.   "Half-past eleven," 	Ron muttered at last, "we'd better go."   They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	129
233	 rcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.   "Come on, Hermione," 	Ron muttered desperately.   Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and was 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	207
234	  face that he hadn't learned all the course books by heart either.   "I'm Ron Weasley," 	Ron muttered.   "Harry Potter," said Harry.   "Are you really?" said Hermione. "I know all about you, o	cerer's Stone.txt	0	49
235	  eyes. "He really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert! Where's Mommy?"   "He's lost his marbles," 	Ron muttered in Harry's ear.   "Hagrid," said Harry loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's going 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	321
236	  to talk much, they pulled on their pajamas and fell into bed.   " Great food, isn't it?" 	Ron muttered to Harry through the hangings.   "Get off, Scabbers! He's chewing my sheets."   Harry was 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	84
237	  get a chance to answer. Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave, saying 	Ron needed sleep.   "It's too late to change the plan now," Harry told Hermione. "We haven't 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	332
238	  the room.   "The keys in the lock," Harry muttered. "We could lock it in."   "Good idea," said 	Ron nervously.   They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn't about to come 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	173
239	  the room.   The snow still hadn't melted the next morning.   "Want to play chess, Harry?" said 	Ron.   "No."   "Why don't we go down and visit Hagrid?"   "No... you go..."   "I know what you'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	259
240	  that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched onto the field, something that 	Ron noticed, too.   "I've never seen Snape look so mean," he told Hermione. "Look -they're off 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	287
241	 's Stone!"   This didn't have quite the effect she'd expected.   "The what?" said Harry and 	Ron.   "Oh, honestly, don't you two read? Look -- read that, there."   She pushed the book toward them,	cerer's Stone.txt	0	274
242	  seemed to have given in at last.   Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing 	Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them what he'd heard.   "Snape's done it, then!" said Ron. "If 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	336
243	  showed no mercy.   Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall.   Twice, 	Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in danger. He himself darted around the 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	401
244	  could possibly need such heavy protection. "It's either really valuable or really dangerous," said 	Ron.   "Or both," said Harry.   But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	148
245	  his eye). Ron, however, was to be working with Hermione Granger. It was hard to tell whether 	Ron or Hermione was angrier about this. She hadn't spoken to either of them since the day 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	160
246	 .   "Harry," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves? Fred and George Weasley. And this is 	Ron, our brother. See you later, then.   "Bye," said Harry and Ron. The twins slid the compartment door	cerer's Stone.txt	0	9
247	  seen all afternoon. On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast, Harry and 	Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that Hermione was crying in the girls' bathroom	cerer's Stone.txt	0	165
248	 , petrified scream -- and it was coming from the chamber they'd just chained up.   "Oh, no," said 	Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.   "It's the girls' bathroom!" Harry gasped.   "Hermione!" they said toge	cerer's Stone.txt	0	174
249	  exam results were still to come, but come they did. To their great surprise, both he and 	Ron passed with good marks; Hermione, of course, had the best grades of the first years. Even Neville 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	422
250	 three empty squares that Harry, Ron, and Hermione took.   "White always plays first in chess," said 	Ron, peering across the board.   "Yes... look..."   A white pawn had moved forward two squares.   Ron s	cerer's Stone.txt	0	398
251	  they approached the giant heads. "I think we'll be able to pull the door open," said 	Ron, peering over the dog's back. "Want to go first, Hermione?"   "No, I don't!"   "All right." 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	370
252	  then you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George reckons he had a boogerflavored one once."   	Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a corner.   "Bleaaargh -- see? Sprouts	cerer's Stone.txt	0	40
253	  in.   "What has been going on?" she said, looking at the sweets all over the floor and 	Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.   I think he's been knocked out," Ron said to Harry. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	63
254	 to clean.   And then they heard it -- a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet. 	Ron pointed -- at the end of a passage to the left, something huge was moving toward them. They 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	172
255	  to be a Quidditch referee.   "Don't play," said Hermione at once.   "Say you're ill," said 	Ron.   "Pretend to break your leg," Hermione suggested.   "Really break your leg," said Ron.   "I can't	cerer's Stone.txt	0	266
256	 t."   The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their teeth, but Harry and 	Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told Hagrid all about their first -lessons. Fang rested his 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	100
257	  a heavy wooden door.   "Do you think they'll attack us if we cross the room?" said 	Ron.   "Probably," said Harry. "They don't look very vicious, but I suppose if they all swooped down 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	383
258	  about a game with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Harry had caught 	Ron prodding Dean's poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.   Neville had 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	112
259	  the right to face Voldemort if I could...."   "Yeah, Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said 	Ron proudly.   "Listen, you've got to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow. The points 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	417
260	  isn't safe -- she might have gone for Filch, I bet she heard us.   Come on."   And 	Ron pulled Harry out of the room.   The snow still hadn't melted the next morning.   "Want to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	258
261	  or catch him a terrible blow with the club.   Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; 	Ron pulled out his own wand -- not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	179
262	 oom. They had just turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind them.   "Percy!" hissed 	Ron, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin.   Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but S	cerer's Stone.txt	0	170
263	  stitch in her chest, "I -- told -- you."   "We've got to get back to Gryffindor tower," said 	Ron, "quickly as possible."   "Malfoy tricked you," Hermione said to Harry. "You realize that, don't yo	cerer's Stone.txt	0	140
264	  brothers. I've got Bill's old robes, Charlie's old wand, and Percy's old rat."   	Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was asleep.   "His name's 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	21
265	 't you two read? Look -- read that, there."   She pushed the book toward them, and Harry and 	Ron read: The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer's Stone, a legendary subst	cerer's Stone.txt	0	275
266	  more than anything else.   "You don't know that you'll make a fool of yourself," said 	Ron reasonably. "Anyway, I know Malfoy's always going on about how good he is at Quidditch, but 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	108
267	  Dean Thomas was yelling, "Send him off, ref! Red card!"   "What are you talking about, Dean?" said 	Ron.   "Red card!" said Dean furiously. "In soccer you get shown the red card and you're out 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	201
268	 ."   Harry suddenly turned to Ron. Charlie, he said.   "You're losing it, too," said Ron. "I'm 	Ron, remember?"   "No -- Charlie -- your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons.   We could sen	cerer's Stone.txt	0	324
269	  ages, that's like a second to Nicolas Flamel."   "But we're not six hundred years old," 	Ron reminded her. "Anyway, what are you studying for, you already know it A."   "What am I studying 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	305
270	  shown the red card and you're out of the game!"   "But this isn't soccer, Dean," 	Ron reminded him.   Hagrid, however, was on Dean's side.   "They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	202
271	  her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and 	Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	295
272	  our food and you still seem to have some."   Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to 	Ron - Ron leapt forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	61
273	 ; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.   "	Ron! Ron! Where are you? The game's over! Harry's won! We've won! Gryffindor is in 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	296
274	  what happened to you two?" said Harry.   "Well, I got back all right," said Hermione. "I brought 	Ron round -- that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact Dumbledore when 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	415
275	 ctions.   As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed 	Ron's arm.   "I've just thought -- Hermione."   "What about her?"   "She doesn't know about the troll."	cerer's Stone.txt	0	168
276	  him. Anything to get rid of Norbert -- and Malfoy.   There was a hitch. By the next morning, 	Ron's bitten hand had swollen to twice its usual size. He didn't know whether it was 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	328
277	 at evening. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat together next to a window. Hermione was checking Harry and 	Ron's Charms homework for them. She would never let them copy ("How will you learn?"), but by 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	194
278	  dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn't aff -- I mean, I got Scabbers instead."   	Ron's ears went pink. He seemed to think he'd said too much, because he went back 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	22
279	 , "Anything off the cart, dears?"   Harry, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but 	Ron's ears went pink again and he muttered that he'd brought sandwiches. Harry went out into 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	27
280	  three-headed dog. So what do we do, Harry?"   The light of adventure was kindling again in 	Ron's eyes, but Hermione answered before Harry could.   "Go to Dumbledore. That's what we should have 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	339
281	  again and I've got about six of her... do you want it? You can start collecting."   	Ron's eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.   "Help yourself," said Harr	cerer's Stone.txt	0	36
282	 large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.   "Another Weasley, eh?" said Hagrid, glancing at 	Ron's freckles. I spent half me life chasin' yer twin brothers away from the forest."   The rock 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	99
283	  could. Mind you, I brought Scabbers, so I can't talk."   The rat was still snoozing on 	Ron's lap.   "He might have died and you wouldn't know the difference," said Ron in disgust. "	cerer's Stone.txt	0	43
284	  know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whiskers are a bit lighter,"   said Harry, trying to take 	Ron's mind off houses. "So what do your oldest brothers do now that they've left, anyway?"   	cerer's Stone.txt	0	53
285	 ."   "Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Weasley, and that's saying something."   	Ron's nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.   "I'm warning you,	cerer's Stone.txt	0	291
286	 .   "Excuse me," Harry said to the plump woman.   "Hello, dear," she said. "First time at Hogwarts? 	Ron's new, too."   She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. He was tall, thin, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	1
287	  to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with Hedwig.   Hagrid Harry borrowed 	Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	91
288	  chess except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot like directing troops in battle. 	Ron's set was very old and battered.   Like everything else he owned, it had once belonged to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	227
289	  lingered for a moment on Neville's cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on 	Ron's smudged nose. Harry nervously tried to flatten his hair.   "I shall return when we are ready 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	72
290	 han Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table.   "Turpin, Lisa," became a Ravenclaw and then it was 	Ron's turn. He was pale green by now. Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	79
291	  the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see 	Ron's twin brothers catcalling.   "Bulstrode, Millicent" then became a Slytherin. Perhaps it was Harry'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	76
292	  be slowing down.   He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes.   	Ron's were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers underneath them.   A voice echoed 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	69
293	 passed through the gateway together. "There he is, Mom, there he is, look!"   It was Ginny Weasley, 	Ron's younger sister, but she wasn't pointing at Ron.   "Harry Potter!" she squealed. "Look, Mom! I 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	427
294	  back, I want to show you the mirror.   "I'd like to see your mom and dad," 	Ron said eagerly.   "And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you'll be able 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	246
295	  what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one. It wasn't until 	Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match.   "	cerer's Stone.txt	0	279
296	 etched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.   "I'm warning you, Malfoy -- one more word "	Ron!" said Hermione suddenly, "Harry --"   "What? Where?"   Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	292
297	  Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you."   Both Harry and Ron stood up.   "Say that again," 	Ron said, his face as red as his hair.   "Oh, you're going to fight us, are you?" 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	59
298	  the air, Harry was suddenly able to clamber back on to his broom.   "Neville, you can look!" 	Ron said. Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid's jacket for the last five minutes.   Harry was speeding	cerer's Stone.txt	0	208
299	 rising of Elfric the Eager."   Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but 	Ron said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	346
300	  the floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.   I think he's been knocked out," 	Ron said to Harry. He looked closer at Scabbers. "No -- I don't believe it -- he's gone 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	64
301	  was mean, might be thrown out, but he had passed, too. It was a shame, but as 	Ron said, you couldn't have everything in life.   And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunk	cerer's Stone.txt	0	423
302	  looking up "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi, didn't look up until he heard 	Ron say, "Hagrid! What are you doing in the library?"   Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something beh	cerer's Stone.txt	0	308
303	 ? You'll be in trouble before we even get there!"   "Scabbers has been fighting, not us," said 	Ron, scowling at her. "Would you mind leaving while we change?"   "All right -- I only came in here 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	66
304	  me, don't follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, right?"   "Right," said 	Ron.   "See you in a minute, I hope...   And Harry let go. Cold, damp air rushed past him 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	375
305	 ?' and hurtled off to the third floor."   "D'you think he meant you to do it?" said 	Ron. "Sending you your father's cloak and everything?"   "Well, " Hermione exploded, "if he did -- I me	cerer's Stone.txt	0	416
306	  Harry, holding up a pasty. "Go on --"   "You don't want this, it's all dry," said 	Ron. "She hasn't got much time," he added quickly, "you know, with five of us."   "Go on, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	30
307	  hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.   "Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," 	Ron sighed, as evening after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were getting. H	cerer's Stone.txt	0	316
308	  was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.   "Wow," 	Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry's bedspread.   Even Harry, who knew nothing about the d	cerer's Stone.txt	0	158
309	 ickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows. "No more studying," 	Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass. "You could look more cheerful, Harry, we've got a 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	347
310	  he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.   "Merry Christmas," said 	Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.   "You, too," said Harry. "Will 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	229
311	  get past Fluffy... never... but -- Harry suddenly jumped to his feet.   "Where're you going?" said 	Ron sleepily.   "I've just thought of something," said Harry. He had turned white.   "We've got to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	349
312	  sign of wanting to hurt Harry.   "Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Hermione muttered as 	Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.   "I know," Ron snapped. "Don't nag."   Back in the locker 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	285
313	  couldn't see them.   "What's that at its feet?" Hermione whispered.   "Looks like a harp," said 	Ron. "Snape must have left it there."   "It must wake up the moment you stop playing," said Harry. "	cerer's Stone.txt	0	368
314	  for Gryffindor in his very first week -- why did Snape hate him so much? "Cheer up,"   said 	Ron, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and George. Can I come and meet Hagrid with you?"   	cerer's Stone.txt	0	96
315	 ?" Harry asked Ron as he poured sugar on his porridge.   "Double Potions with the Slytherins," said 	Ron. "Snape's Head of Slytherin House. They say he always favors them -- we'll be able to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	90
316	 t.   "You're in luck, Weasley, Potter's obviously spotted some money on the ground!" said Malfoy.   	Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of him, wrestling him to the 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	293
317	 orget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.   "I know," 	Ron snapped. "Don't nag."   Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Harry aside.   "Don't want 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	286
318	 -o-sa, make the 'gar' nice and long."   "You do it, then, if you're so clever," 	Ron snarled.   Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, "Wingardium Levi	cerer's Stone.txt	0	162
319	  all, he'd never had any money in his life until a month ago, and he told 	Ron so, all about having to wear Dudley's old clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	23
320	  "Let me think let me think..."   The white queen turned her blank face toward him.   "Yes..." said 	Ron softly, "It's the only way... I've got to be taken."   "NOF Harry and Hermione shouted.   "	cerer's Stone.txt	0	402
321	 ly."   She left the chamber. Harry swallowed.   "How exactly do they sort us into houses?" he asked 	Ron.   "Some sort of test, I think. Fred said it hurts a lot, but I think he was 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	73
322	  Muggle world, people just stay put in photos."   "Do they? What, they don't move at all?" 	Ron sounded amazed. "weird!"   Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	37
323	 my parents or Voldemort"   Ron gasped.   "What?" said Harry.   "You said You-Know-Who's name!" said 	Ron, sounding both shocked and impressed. "I'd have thought you, of all people --"   "I'm not trying 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	26
324	 ting the twelve uses of dragon's blood or practicing wand movements. Moaning and yawning, Harry and 	Ron spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get through all their 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	306
325	 u!" said Harry sharply. I heard something."   It was a sort of snuffling.   "Mrs. Norris?" breathed 	Ron, squinting through the dark.   It wasn't Mrs. Norris. It was Neville. He was curled up on 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	135
326	  have been killed -- or worse, expelled. Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to bed."   	Ron stared after her, his mouth open.   "No, we don't mind," he said. "You'd think we 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	144
327	 thing, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.   	Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	28
328	 now..."   He pointed at Harry's forehead.   Harry pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar. 	Ron stared.   "So that's where You-Know-Who "Yes," said Harry, "but I can't remember it."   "	cerer's Stone.txt	0	13
329	  ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite direction, but saw no one else. just as 	Ron started moaning that his feet were dead with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.   "It's 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	251
330	 d Ron, peering across the board.   "Yes... look..."   A white pawn had moved forward two squares.   	Ron started to direct the black pieces. They moved silently wherever he sent them. Harry's knees were 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	399
331	 m worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.   Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but 	Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Neville."   "Longbottom, if 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	290
332	 nd, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, "Thanks Potter, we owe you one!"   Only 	Ron stood by him.   "They'll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have lost 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	333
333	  riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you."   Both Harry and 	Ron stood up.   "Say that again," Ron said, his face as red as his hair.   "Oh, you're 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	58
334	  narrow rows.   Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to search while 	Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them off the shelves at random. Harry 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	221
335	  He pulled the cloak over his head and his reflection vanished completely.   "There's a note!" said 	Ron suddenly. "A note fell out of it!"   Harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. Written 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	238
336	 Mimsy-Porpington at your service. Resident ghost of Gryffindor Tower."   "I know who you are!" said 	Ron suddenly. "My brothers told me about you -- you're Nearly Headless Nick!"   "I would prefer you to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	82
337	  if I wave my wand and nothing happens?"   "Throw it away and punch him on the nose," 	Ron suggested. "Excuse me."   They both looked up. It was Hermione Granger.   "Can't a person eat in 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	124
338	  eyes glittered wickedly. "It's for your own good, you know."   "Get out of the way," snapped 	Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.   "STUDENTS OUT OF BED!" Peeves bellowed, "STUDEN	cerer's Stone.txt	0	141
339	  half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library."   "Oh yeah, you're right," said 	Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand a	cerer's Stone.txt	0	219
340	  if you know what's good for you," said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this afternoon.   Harry remembered 	Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn't mentioned 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	105
341	  to him instead of that castle."   "What about you?"   "I'm going to be a knight," said 	Ron.   The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a knight, a bishop, and a 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	396
342	  and George Weasley. And this is Ron, our brother. See you later, then.   "Bye," said Harry and 	Ron. The twins slid the compartment door shut behind them.   "Are you really Harry Potter?" Ron blurted	cerer's Stone.txt	0	10
343	 , pretending he hadn't looked. Harry saw he still had a black mark on his nose.   "Hey, 	Ron."   The twins were back.   "Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan's 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	7
344	  had landed, the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around her ankles. As for Harry and 	Ron, their legs had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.   Hermione had 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	378
345	  door, but it wouldn't budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.   "Now what?" said 	Ron.   "These birds... they can't be here just for decoration," said Hermione.   They watched the birds	cerer's Stone.txt	0	384
346	  Ron didn't have much of a head start.   Friday was an important day for Harry and 	Ron. They finally managed to find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	88
347	 got to take the place of three of the black pieces...."   Harry and Hermione stayed quiet, watching 	Ron think. Finally he said, "Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you are that 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	395
348	  front of the mirror, he couldn't see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.   	Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.   "Look at me!" he said.   "Can you see all your 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	254
349	 ge pile of books.   "We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and 	Ron thought.   "See Professor Dumbledore?" Professor McGonagall repeated, as though this was a very fis	cerer's Stone.txt	0	353
350	 ogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.   Indeed, by the next morning Harry and 	Ron thought that meeting the three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite keen	cerer's Stone.txt	0	146
351	 Ron and Hermione playing chess. Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and 	Ron thought was very good for her.   "Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	264
352	 t an end to their discussion.   They hadn't realized how loudly they had been talking.   "Quick!"   	Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris came round the door. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	256
353	  Lady and climbed through the hole.   Hermione wasn't going to give up that easily. She followed 	Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.   "Don't you care about Gryffindor,	cerer's Stone.txt	0	132
354	  petrified.   "Harry, where have you been?" Hermione squeaked.   "We won! You won! We won!" shouted 	Ron, thumping Harry on the back. "And I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	300
355	  climbing down, we'll just have to drop."   Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at 	Ron to get his attention and pointed at himself.   "You want to go first? Are you sure?" said 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	372
356	  and he crashed to the floor - Hermione screamed but stayed on her square - the white queen dragged 	Ron to one side. He looked as if he'd been knocked out.   Shaking, Harry moved three spaces 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	407
357	 ining session.   Professor McGonagall Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to 	Ron to read.   "A Nimbus Two Thousand!" Ron moaned enviously. "I've never even touched one."   They lef	cerer's Stone.txt	0	150
358	 e bolted his dinner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with 	Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.   "Wow," Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry	cerer's Stone.txt	0	157
359	  a lot -- great with animals."   Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. While 	Ron told Hagrid all about Charlie's work with dragons, Harry picked up a piece of paper that 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	104
360	  of her -- Fitch puts her up to it."   Harry told Hagrid about Snape's lesson. Hagrid, like 	Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.   "But he 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	102
361	 the extra homework they were getting. Hermione had now started making study schedules for Harry and 	Ron, too. It was driving them nuts.   Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	317
362	  and forests under a deep purple sky. The train did seem to be slowing down.   He and 	Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes.   Ron's were a bit short 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	68
363	  to -- and I'm holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup -- I'm Quidditch captain, too.   	Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.   "Do you think this 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	255
364	  to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they arrived."   Harry and 	Ron tried to look as though this story wasn't new to them.   "Well -- in that case..." said 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	186
365	 t should we do?"   "Leave it to me."   Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared. 	Ron turned the binoculars back on Harry. His broom was vibrating so hard, it was almost impossible for 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	206
366	  down at Ron.   "Do we -- er -- have to join you to get across?" The black knight nodded. 	Ron turned to the other two.   "This needs thinking about he said. I suppose we've got to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	394
367	  aunt and uncle -- so who sent these?"   "I think I know who that one's from," said 	Ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel. "My mom. I told her you 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	233
368	  Harry. "Will you look at this? I've got some presents!"   "What did you expect, turnips?" said 	Ron, turning to his own pile, which was a lot bigger than Harry's.   Harry picked up the 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	230
369	  emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.   "Every year she makes us a sweater," said 	Ron, unwrapping his own, "and mine's always maroon."   "That's really nice of her," said Harry, trying 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	234
370	 aving to wear Dudley's old clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to cheer 	Ron up.   "... and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about be ing a wizard or 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	24
371	  out that grubby little package. Had that been what the thieves were looking for? As Harry and 	Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes they'd been 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	107
372	 e, Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid.   He had written only two words: It's hatching.   	Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. Hermione wouldn't hear of it.   "	cerer's Stone.txt	0	318
373	  its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.   "Keep playing," 	Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor. They could feel 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	369
374	  open a bag of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.   "You want to be careful with those," 	Ron warned Harry. "When they say every flavor, they mean every flavor -- you know, you get all the 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	39
375	  it well.   A Very Merry Christmas to you.   There was no signature. Harry stared at the note. 	Ron was admiring the cloak.   "I'd give anything for one of these," he said. "Anything. What's 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	239
376	  a cup of strong tea back in Hagrid's hut, with Ron and Hermione.   "It was Snape," 	Ron was explaining, "Hermione and I saw him. He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't tak	cerer's Stone.txt	0	210
377	  and Aunt Petunia. Taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece.   "That's friendly," said Harry.   	Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence.   "Weird!" he said, 'NMat a shape! This is money?"   "You can 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	231
378	  said, 'NMat a shape! This is money?"   "You can keep it," said Harry, laughing at how pleased 	Ron was. "Hagrid and my aunt and uncle -- so who sent these?"   "I think I know who that 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	232
379	 "Oh, well done!" cried Professor Flitwick, clapping. "Everyone see here, Miss Granger's done it!"   	Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class. "It's no wonder no 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	163
380	  stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and gave him a small smile. 	Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	38
381	 otted some money on the ground!" said Malfoy.   Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening, 	Ron was on top of him, wrestling him to the ground. Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	294
382	 nto his mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the excitement of the afternoon. "Wood told me."   	Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry.   "I start training next week," 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	120
383	  made the whole room tremble.   Harry got to his feet. He was shaking and out of breath. 	Ron was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.   It was Hermione 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	180
384	  had one thought in his head, which was to get back in front of the mirror, and 	Ron wasn't going to stop him.   That third night he found his way more quickly than before. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	260
385	  said. "You can take the cloak, I won't need it now."   "Don't be stupid," said 	Ron.   "We're coming," said Hermione.   Harry pushed the door open.   As the door creaked, low, rumblin	cerer's Stone.txt	0	367
386	 d the white pieces they could see another door.   "How?" said Hermione nervously.   "I think," said 	Ron, "we're going to have to be chessmen."   He walked up to a black knight and put 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	392
387	  Gryffindor tower.   "Now what am I going to do?" she asked shrilly.   "That's your problem," said 	Ron. "We've got to go, we 3 re going to be late."   They hadn't even reached the 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	133
388	 t left until yer holidays?" Hagrid asked.   "Just one," said Hermione. "And that reminds me -Harry, 	Ron, we've got half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library."   "Oh yeah, you'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	218
389	  had no faces.   "Now what do we do?" Harry whispered.   "It's obvious, isn't it?" said 	Ron. "We've got to play our way across the room."   Behind the white pieces they could see 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	391
390	  his stunned face that he hadn't learned all the course books by heart either.   "I'm 	Ron Weasley," Ron muttered.   "Harry Potter," said Harry.   "Are you really?" said Hermione. "I know al	cerer's Stone.txt	0	48
391	 e finishing the feast in their houses."   Hermione left.   Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and 	Ron.   "Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have taken on a 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	187
392	 ere married. Bit of a nasty shock for him."   The others laughed.   "What about you, Neville?" said 	Ron.   "Well, my gran brought me up and she's a witch," said Neville, "but the family thought 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	83
393	  again, I'll take another fifty points from Gryffindor! Yes, Weasley, from my own house!" Harry and 	Ron went back to the common room, Harry had just said, "At least Hermione's on Snape's 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	357
394	  a few last-minute points to dish out.   Let me see. Yes...   "First -- to Mr. Ronald Weasley..."   	Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.   "...for the best-	cerer's Stone.txt	0	419
395	 ne -- there -- no, there -- with bright blue wings -- the feathers are all crumpled on one side."   	Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell o	cerer's Stone.txt	0	386
396	  -lessons. Fang rested his head on Harry's knee and drooled all over his robes.   Harry and 	Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch "that old git."   "An' as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	101
397	  without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.   Harry and 	Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it wrong for years.   "Now, when I 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	115
398	  called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. Harry and 	Ron were followed into their boat by Neville and Hermione. "Everyone in?" shouted Hagrid, who had a boa	cerer's Stone.txt	0	71
399	 irteen was.   CHAPTER TEN   HALLOWEEN   Malfoy couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and 	Ron were still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.   Indeed, by the next mo	cerer's Stone.txt	0	145
400	 ense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and 	Ron were still discussing what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one. It 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	278
401	  pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.   "I heard you went to live with Muggles," said 	Ron. "What are they like?"   "Horrible -well, not all of them. My aunt and uncle and cousin are, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	19
402	  Quidditch player himself."   "You're joking."   It was dinnertime. Harry had just finished telling 	Ron what had happened when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece of 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	118
403	 re you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried --"   "The whole school's talking about it," said 	Ron. "What really happened?"   It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	411
404	 ill get a real shock when Dumbledore turns up."   "But what can we --"   Hermione gasped. Harry and 	Ron wheeled round.   Snape was standing there.   "Good afternoon," he said smoothly.   They stared at h	cerer's Stone.txt	0	354
405	  the matter? Never heard of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?"   "Of course he has," said 	Ron, wheeling around. "I'm his second, who's yours?"   Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	121
406	  and Ron thought was very good for her.   "Don't talk to me for a moment," said 	Ron when Harry sat down next to him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Harry's 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	265
407	 ice cackled with laughter.   "You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said 	Ron, when Harry told him about these drearns.   Hermione, who came back the day before term started, to	cerer's Stone.txt	0	262
408	  had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.   "Ron! 	Ron! Where are you? The game's over! Harry's won! We've won! Gryffindor is in the 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	297
409	 .   "Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?" said one of the twins.   "Shut up," said 	Ron.   "Where's Percy?" said their mother.   "He's coming now."   The oldest boy came striding into sig	cerer's Stone.txt	0	4
410	 ey met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon -- Norbert had been bad enough...   "Can you hear something?" 	Ron whispered.   Harry listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead.   "Do 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	382
411	  stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.   "Oh, let's kick her, just this once," 	Ron whispered in Harry's ear, but Harry shook his head. As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	365
412	  in and started at once. The minutes crept by.   "He's late, maybe he's chickened out," 	Ron whispered.   Then a noise in the next room made them jump. Harry had only just raised his 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	138
413	  tables and then became quite still again.   "So we've just got to try on the hat!" 	Ron whispered to Harry. "I'll kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll."   Harry. smiled 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	75
414	  anything to do with the Stone?"   "I'm going to see what section he was in," said 	Ron, who'd had enough of working. He came back a minute later with a pile of books 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	310
415	 .   "Take him up to the hospital wing," Snape spat at Seamus. Then he rounded on Harry and 	Ron, who had been working next to Neville.   "You -- Potter -- why didn't you tell him not to 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	94
416	  to an infusion of wormwood?"   Powdered root of what to an infusion of what? Harry glanced at 	Ron, who looked as stumped as he was; Hermione's hand had shot into the air.   "I don'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	93
417	  shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk. It roared again and started toward 	Ron, who was nearest and had no way to escape.   Harry then did something that was both very 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	178
418	 arth were you thinking of?" said Professor McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice. Harry looked at 	Ron, who was still standing with his wand in the air. "You're lucky you weren't killed. 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	182
419	 in your dormitory?"   Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look. Harry looked at the floor. He wished 	Ron would put his wand down.   Then a small voice came out of the shadows.   "Please, Professor McGonag	cerer's Stone.txt	0	183
420	  told it, he'd spent most of his childhood zooming around the countryside on his broomstick. Even 	Ron would tell anyone who'd listen about the time he'd almost hit a hang glider on 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	109
421	 , want any help?" Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.   "Nah, I'm all right, thanks, 	Ron."   "Would you mind moving out of the way?" came Malfoys cold drawl from behind them. "Are you 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	214
422	 erer's Stone. She had started drawing up study schedules and colorcoding all her notes.   Harry and 	Ron wouldn't have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the same.   "Hermione, the exams are 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	304
423	 , grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one 	Ron wouldn't touch, which turned out to be pepper.   The countryside now flying past the window was 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	41
424	  him if he leaves it. Hermione, you'd better do that."   "Why me?"   "It's obvious," said 	Ron. "You can pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know." He put on a high voice, "'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	355
425	  tonight and I'm going to try and get to the Stone first."   "You're mad!" said 	Ron.   "You can't!" said Hermione. "After what McGonagall and Snape have said? You'll be expelled!"   "	cerer's Stone.txt	0	358
426	  close in on it!" Harry called, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing. "	Ron, you come at it from above -- Hermione, stay below and stop it from going down and I'	cerer's Stone.txt	0	387
427	  dog was guarding? What did it matter if Snape stole it, really? "Are you all right?" said 	Ron. "You look odd."   What Harry feared most was that he might not be able to find the 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	248
428	 n the platform and hear what they were saying. Their mother had just taken out her handkerchief.   "	Ron, you've got something on your nose."   The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	3
429	  only way... I've got to be taken."   "NOF Harry and Hermione shouted.   "That's chess!" snapped 	Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices! I take one step forward and she'll take me -- 	cerer's Stone.txt	0	403
