1	 , but it was still difficult to see what was going on sometimes.   Ron and Hermione joined Neville, 	Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row. As a surprise for Harry, they 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
2	  perfect end to the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and 	Seamus falling asleep (Neville wasn't back from the hospital wing). Ron had spent all evening giving him 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
3	  of a troublesome zombie, but they weren't sure they believed this story.   For one thing, when 	Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and start	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
4	  so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted.   Harry played with chessmen 	Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn't trust him at all. He wasn't a very 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
5	  would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy --" the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired 	Seamus Finnigan interrupted.   "Nearly Headless? How can you be nearly headless?"   Sir Nicholas looked ex	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
6	  an hour's time he'd be walking onto the field.   "Harry, you need your strength," said 	Seamus Finnigan. "Seekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team."   "Thanks, Seamus," sa	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
7	  end with him narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters. He wasn't the only one, though: the way 	Seamus Finnigan told it, he'd spent most of his childhood zooming around the countryside on his broomstick	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
8	  around the classroom. Professor Flitwick put the class into pairs to practice. Harry's partner was 	Seamus Finnigan (which was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye). Ron, however, was 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
9	  and flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the desktop. 	Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set fire to it -- Harry had 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
10	  himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.   "I'm half-and-half," said 	Seamus. "Me dad's a Muggle. Mom didn't tell him she was a witch 'til after they 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
11	  are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team."   "Thanks, Seamus," said Harry, watching 	Seamus pile ketchup on his sausages.   By eleven o'clock the whole school seemed to be out in 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
12	  of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon. Neville had somehow managed to melt 	Seamus's cauldron into a twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor, burning holes 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
13	 . "I think Hermione does, though, why don't you try her?"   A few people laughed; Harry caught 	Seamus's eye, and Seamus winked.   Snape, however, was not pleased.   "Sit down," he snapped at Hermione. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
14	 said Seamus Finnigan. "Seekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team."   "Thanks, 	Seamus," said Harry, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his sausages.   By eleven o'clock the whole school se	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
15	  found himself on the floor with a buffalo on his chest."   It was very difficult. Harry and 	Seamus swished and flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
16	  shouted out the house at once, but at others it took a little while to decide. "Finnigan, 	Seamus," the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
17	  to pop up all over his nose.   "Take him up to the hospital wing," Snape spat at 	Seamus. Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.   "You -- Potter -- why 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
18	  from it, holding on with only one hand.   "Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?" 	Seamus whispered.   "Can't have," Hagrid said, his voice shaking. "Can't nothing interfere with a broomsti	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
19	 , though, why don't you try her?"   A few people laughed; Harry caught Seamus's eye, and 	Seamus winked.   Snape, however, was not pleased.   "Sit down," he snapped at Hermione. "For your informat	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
20	 , didn't look too pleased with the seating arrangements.   "How did he get covered in blood?" asked 	Seamus with great interest.   "I've never asked," said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.   When everyone ha	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
