1	  setting sun.   Gryffindor in the lead. He'd done it, he'd shown Snape....   And speaking of 	Snape...   A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. Clearly not wanting to be 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	104
2	  a dragon!"   "What utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! Come on -- I shall see Professor 	Snape about you, Malfoy!"   The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	124
3	  didn't give. He had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.   "But 	Snape always seemed to hate me so much."   "Oh, he does," said Quirrell casually, "heavens, yes. He was 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	170
4	  a try. He pushed the door ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.   	Snape and Filch were inside, alone. Snape was holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
5	  got a bad feeling about it -- and anyway, you've had too many close shaves already. Filch, 	Snape, and Mrs. Norris are wandering around. So what if they can't see you? What if they 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	78
6	  glowing red in the setting sun.   Gryffindor in the lead. He'd done it, he'd shown 	Snape....   And speaking of Snape...   A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. C	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	103
7	 . It wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Harry remembered about 	Snape and the coming match.   "I'm going to play," he told Ron and Hermione. "If I don'	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	85
8	  sacked. Filch wouldn't help us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with 	Snape, and the more students get thrown out, the better, he'll think. And don't forget, we'	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	130
9	  b wrong....'\x93   "Oh, shut up," said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for 	Snape.   "And we'd better stay outside the third-floor corridor," Harry told Ron.   "Come on."   But that	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	143
10	  kill you. Your friend Miss Granger accidentally knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to 	Snape at that Quidditch match. She broke my eye contact with you. Another few seconds and I'd 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	163
11	 , waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on 	Snape at the plant. In a matter of seconds, the two boys felt it loosening its grip as 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	153
12	  I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?" said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as 	Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. "It's people they feel sorry for. See, 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	98
13	  holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was handing 	Snape bandages.   "Blasted thing*," Snape was saying. "How are you supposed to keep your eyes on all thre	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
14	  the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart.   	Snape bent over the troll. Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and Harry. Harry had never seen her 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
15	 ding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves. Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood 	Snape, but he wasn't alone. Quirrell was there, too.   Harry couldn't make out the look on 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	108
16	  teachers are saints or something,"   snapped Ron. "I'm with Harry. I wouldn't put anything past 	Snape. But what's he after? What's that dog guarding?"   Harry went to bed with his head 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
17	 't afford to lose any more points, can it?"   Harry flushed. They turned to go outside, but 	Snape called them back.   "Be warned, Potter -- any more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	141
18	  can't be far, we'll catch them."   Harry stood rooted to the spot as Filch and 	Snape came around the corner ahead. They couldn't see him, of course, but it was a narrow 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	75
19	  portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came in.   "I'm sorry, Harry!" she wailed. "	Snape came out and asked me what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	145
20	  like a palace compared to what your family's used to."   Ron dived at Malfoy just as 	Snape came up the stairs.   "WEASLEY!"   Ron let go of the front of Malfoy's robes.   "He was 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	68
21	  if we ever need an early capture of the Snitch it's now. Finish the game before 	Snape can favor Hufflepuff too much."   "The whole school's out there!" said Fred Weasley, peering out of	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	93
22	  to argue, but Ron kicked him behind their cauldron.   "Doi* push it," he muttered, "I've heard 	Snape can turn very nasty."   As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Harry'	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
23	  in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.   "Idiot boy!" snarled 	Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand. "I suppose you added the porcupine 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
24	  back, "one of these days, I'll get him --"   "I hate them both," said Harry, "Malfoy and 	Snape."   "Come on, cheer up, it's nearly Christmas," said Hagrid. "Tell yeh what, come with me an' 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	71
25	 d rather detest each other. Not unlike yourself and Mr. Malfoy. And then, your father did something 	Snape could never forgive."   "What?"   "He saved his life."   "What?"   "Yes..." said Dumbledore dreamil	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	174
26	 's Stone? Harry didn't see how he could -- yet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that 	Snape could read minds.   Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the next 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	91
27	  gulped.   "I just wondered if I could have my book back."   "GET OUT! OUT!"   Harry left, before 	Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor. He sprinted back upstairs.   "Did you get it?" Ron aske	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
28	 hat?"   "Yes..." said Dumbledore dreamily. "Funny, the way people's minds work, isn't it? Professor 	Snape couldn't bear being in your father's debt....   I do believe he worked so hard to 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	175
29	  carried around in a jam jar.   They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when 	Snape crossed the yard. Harry noticed at once that Snape was limping. Harry, Ron, and Hermione moved clos	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
30	  little bit of hocus-pocus.   I'm waiting."   "B-but I d-d-don't --"   "Very well," 	Snape cut in. "We'll have another little chat soon, when you've had time to think things 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	115
31	  Snape disliked him. By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew he'd been wrong. 	Snape didn't dislike Harry -- he hated him.   Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons. 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
32	  job. Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, Snape."   Harry watched Snape for a while, but 	Snape didn't look at him again.   At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
33	  to him so far.   At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor 	Snape disliked him. By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew he'd been wrong. Snape 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
34	 't heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands. "Why would 	Snape do somethin' like that?"   Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell h	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	61
35	 rus?" Quirrell laughed, and it wasn't his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp. "Yes, 	Severus does seem the type, doesn't he? So useful to have him swooping around like an overgrown 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	161
36	  jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off. Gliding silently over the castle he saw 	Snape enter the forest at a run. He followed.   The trees were so thick he couldn't see 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	106
37	  looking straight into those cold eyes. He had looked through his books at the Dursleys', but did 	Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi? Snape was still ignoring	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
38	 ur new -- celebrity."   Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their hands. 	Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class. His eyes were black like Hagrid's, 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
39	  he's after Quirrell's job. Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, Snape."   Harry watched 	Snape for a while, but Snape didn't look at him again.   At last, the desserts too disappeared, 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
40	 , the Stone's safe as long as Dumbledore's around. Anyway, we've never had any proof 	Snape found out how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped off once, he's 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	136
41	  in the air. "You're lucky you weren't killed. Why aren't you in your dormitory?"   	Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look. Harry looked at the floor. He wished Ron would put his 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
42	  and Snape have said? You'll be expelled!"   "SO WHAP" Harry shouted. "Don't you understand? If 	Snape gets hold of the Stone, Voldemort's coming back! Haven't you heard what it was like 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	149
43	  Ages back, to take his mind off his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of 	Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if he could have 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
44	  Through the Ages. Harry showed him.   "Library books are not to be taken outside the school," said 	Snape.   "Give it to me. Five points from Gryffindor."   "He's just made that rule up," Harry muttered 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
45	  about ter steal it."   Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he was. If 	Snape had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out how the 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	123
46	  the forest at a run. He followed.   The trees were so thick he couldn't see where 	Snape had gone. He flew in circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	107
47	  on his broom this time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, Weasley?"   Ron didn't answer; 	Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him. Hermione, wh	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	97
48	 romised himself about not meddling.   All the same, he'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that 	Snape had just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be walking with 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	125
49	  way down to the staffroom and knocked. There was no answer.   He knocked again. Nothing.   Perhaps 	Snape had left the book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed the door ajar and 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
50	 , and here she was, pretending she had, to get them out of trouble. It was as if 	Snape had started handing out sweets.   "Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
51	 very word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had y caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, 	Snape had the gift of keeping a class silent without effort. "As there is little foolish wand-waving 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
52	 n. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, 	Snape had y caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a class silent 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
53	  and I'd have got you off that broom. I'd have managed it before then if 	Snape hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you."   "Snape was trying to save me?"   "Of 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	164
54	  began, without any idea what he was going to say.   "You want to be more careful," said 	Snape. "Hanging around like this, people will think you're up to something. And Gryffindor really can't 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	140
55	  ube cafru oyt on wohsi. His panic fading now that there was no sound of Filch and 	Snape, Harry moved nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection again. He 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	76
56	  to -- everyone knows he's after Quirrell's job. Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, 	Snape."   Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn't look at him again.   At last, the 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
57	 was here."   "And there's something else..."   "Fire away."   "Quirrell said Snape --"   "Professor 	Snape, Harry." "Yes, him -- Quirrell said he hates me because he hated my father. Is that true?"   "Well,	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	173
58	  my fault," said Wood. "We've just got to make sure we play a clean game, so 	Snape hasn't got an excuse to pick on us."   Which was all very well, thought Harry, but 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	81
59	  spirits were low. He'd lost two points for Gryffindor in his very first week -- why did 	Snape hate him so much? "Cheer up,"   said Ron, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and George. 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
60	 he Stone first."   "You're mad!" said Ron.   "You can't!" said Hermione. "After what McGonagall and 	Snape have said? You'll be expelled!"   "SO WHAP" Harry shouted. "Don't you understand? If Snape gets 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	148
61	 n, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin.   Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but 	Snape. He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.   "What's he doing?" Harry whispered. "Why isn'	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
62	 .   "Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he's looking so nervous, that's Professor 	Snape. He teaches Potions, but he doesn't want to -- everyone knows he's after Quirrell's job. 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
63	  find Flamel. They were sure she'd be able to tell them, but they couldn't risk 	Snape hearing what they were up to.   Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	73
64	 meone. Oh yeah, Professor Snape."   "Snape?"   "Yeah -- yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, 	Snape helped protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it."   Harry knew Ron and Hermione were 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	122
65	 -to meet here of all p-places, Severus..."   "Oh, I thought we'd keep this private," said 	Snape, his voice icy.   "Students aren't supposed to know about the Sorcerer's Stone, after all."   Harry	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	110
66	  don't you try her?"   A few people laughed; Harry caught Seamus's eye, and Seamus winked.   	Snape, however, was not pleased.   "Sit down," he snapped at Hermione. "For your information, Potter, asp	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
67	 ll Harry?" cried Hermione.   The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about 	Snape.   I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I've read all about them! You've 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	64
68	  Hermione. "If I don't, all the Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face 	Snape. I'll show them... it'll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win."   "Just 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	86
69	 .   "Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrid's yet?"   "B-b-but 	Severus, I --"   "You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said Snape, taking a step toward him.   "	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	112
70	  he be afraid of Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask 	Snape if he could have it.   "Better you than me," they said together, but Harry had an idea 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
71	 'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on 	Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.   "Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	92
72	  better team than last year.   Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look Severus 	Snape in the face for weeks...."   Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry.   "I wa	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
73	  was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him from concentrating on the mirror.   "I saw you and 	Snape in the forest --" he blurted out.   "Yes," said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	169
74	 ow about the Sorcerer's Stone, after all."   Harry leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling something. 	Snape interrupted him.   "Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrid's yet?"   "B-	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	111
75	  on the other side, in the last chamber.   There was already someone there -- but it wasn't 	Snape. It wasn't even Voldemort.   CHAPTER SEVENTEEN   THE MAN WITH TWO FACES It was Quirrell.   "You!" g	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	158
76	  the stone for Voldemort... and Voldemort's waiting in the forest... and all this time we thought 	Snape just wanted to get rich...."   "Stop saying the name!" said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	132
77	  was over; it had barely lasted five minutes. As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw 	Snape land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	101
78	 been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.   	Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harry'	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
79	  told Hagrid about Snape's lesson. Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that 	Snape liked hardly any of the students.   "But he seemed to really hate me."   "Rubbish!" said Hagrid. "W	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
80	  to me. Five points from Gryffindor."   "He's just made that rule up," Harry muttered angrily as 	Snape limped away. "Wonder what's wrong with his leg?"   "Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
81	 ally at the crowd.   "What are you doing?" moaned Ron, gray-faced.   "I knew it," Hermione gasped, "	Snape -- look."   Ron grabbed the binoculars. Snape was in the middle of the stands opposite them. He had	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
82	  angry as the teams marched onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.   "I've never seen 	Snape look so mean," he told Hermione. "Look -they're off Ouch!"   Someone had poked Ron in the 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	96
83	  snuffbox -- points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if it had whiskers. 	Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks while they tried to remember how to make a 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	134
84	  looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldn't afford to waste any more time, 	Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.   "You can't go out," said Neville, "you'll 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	150
85	 't see them.   "What's that at its feet?" Hermione whispered.   "Looks like a harp," said Ron. "	Snape must have left it there."   "It must wake up the moment you stop playing," said Harry. "Well, 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	152
86	  on us."   Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another reason for not wanting 	Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch....   The rest of the team hung back to talk to 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	82
87	 luffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that 	Snape needs to break through --"   "So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	117
88	  to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold 	Snape off for a while, but I'm no match for him, really."   "But Harry -- what if You-	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	157
89	  saying.   "... d-don't know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places, 	Severus..."   "Oh, I thought we'd keep this private," said Snape, his voice icy.   "Students aren't suppose	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	109
90	  they were so busy with their studying they didn't have much time to fret about what 	Snape or anyone else might be up to.   Their very last exam was History of Magic. One hour 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	135
91	  take me -- that leaves you free to checkmate the king, Harry!"   "But --"   "Do you want to stop 	Snape or not?"   "Ron --"   "Look, if you don't hurry up, he'll already have the Stone!"   There 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	154
92	  to Dumbledore," said Harry. "Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either 	Snape or Voldemort under that cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk. I 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	137
93	 . Potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so horrible to Harry. Could 	Snape possibly know they'd found out about the Sorcerer's Stone? Harry didn't see how he 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	90
94	  to steal food when he was here."   "And there's something else..."   "Fire away."   "Quirrell said 	Snape --"   "Professor Snape, Harry." "Yes, him -- Quirrell said he hates me because he hated my father. 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	172
95	 r your cheek, Potter."   Things didn't improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson continued. 	Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a simple potion to cure boils. 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
96	 said calmly. "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you here, Potter."   "But I thought -- Snape --"   "	Severus?" Quirrell laughed, and it wasn't his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp. "Yes, Sev	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	160
97	  made a cup of strong tea back in Hagrid's hut, with Ron and Hermione.   "It was 	Snape," Ron was explaining, "Hermione and I saw him. He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	60
98	  "That's top secret, that is."   "But Snape's trying to steal it."   "Rubbish," said Hagrid again. "	Snape's a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do nothin' of the sort."   "So why did he just try 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	63
99	  of Gringotts!"   "A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying!" said Harry. "No wonder 	Snape's after it! Anyone would want it."   "And no wonder we couldn't find Flamel in that 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	84
100	 hird-floor corridor -- and the door was already ajar.   "Well, there you are," Harry said quietly, "	Snape's already got past Fluffy."   Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	151
101	  Gryffindor in his very first week -- why did Snape hate him so much? "Cheer up,"   said Ron, "	Snape's always taking points off Fred and George. Can I come and meet Hagrid with you?"   At 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
102	  become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.   Worst of all were Professor 	Snape's classes down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist before them and they 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	67
103	  to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them what he'd heard.   "	Snape's done it, then!" said Ron. "If Quirrell's told him how to break his Anti-Dark 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	127
104	 ew; they were sure it wouldn't be allowed. Unfortunately, something about their guilty faces caught 	Snape's eye. He limped over. He hadn't seen the fire, but he seemed to be looking 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
105	  your eyes on all three heads at once?"   Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but -- "POTTER!"   	Snape's face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg. Harry 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
106	 , he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a few hours -- but the expression on 	Snape's face when Harry had seen his leg wasn't easy to forget.   The next morning dawned 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
107	 st of the teachers?"   "Search me."   Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after 	Snape's fading footsteps.   "He's heading for the third floor," Harry said, but Ron held up his 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
108	  hand, with a horrible, forced smile. He caught Harry's eye and Harry knew at once that 	Snape's feelings toward him hadn't changed one jot. This didn't worry Harry. It seemed as 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	177
109	 ow to break his Anti-Dark Force spell --"   "There's still Fluffy, though," said Hermione.   "Maybe 	Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,"   said Ron, looking up at the 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	128
110	  didn't.   "It's tonight," said Harry, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was out of earshot. "	Snape's going through the trapdoor tonight. He's found out everything he needs, and now he's 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	138
111	 ry asked Ron as he poured sugar on his porridge.   "Double Potions with the Slytherins," said Ron. "	Snape's Head of Slytherin House. They say he always favors them -- we'll be able to see 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
112	  troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog didn't even manage to bite 	Snape's leg off properly.   "Now, wait quietly, Potter. I need to examine this interesting mirror.   It w	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	168
113	  everywhere? Can't get rid of her -- Fitch puts her up to it."   Harry told Hagrid about 	Snape's lesson. Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
114	  he was; Hermione's hand had shot into the air.   "I don't know, sit," said Harry.   	Snape's lips curled into a sneer.   "Tut, tut -- fame clearly isn't everything."   He ignored Hermione's 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
115	  sure."   "But we've got no proof!" said Harry. "Quirrell's too scared to back us up. 	Snape's only got to say he doesn't know how the troll got in at Halloween and 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	129
116	  to knock points off Gryffindor!"   George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.   "	Snape's refereeing?" he spluttered through a mouthful of mud. "When's he ever refereed a Quidditch match?	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	80
117	  messing around!" he yelled. "That's exactly the sort of thing that'll lose us the match! 	Snape's refereeing this time, and he'll be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!"   	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	79
118	  whispered a few, well- chosen words. Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the hem of 	Snape's robes.   It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire.   A 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
119	 rightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.   "	Snape's," said Harry. "What do we have to do?"   They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	156
120	  look terrible."   Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the other two about 	Snape's sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.   "Don't play," said Hermione at once.   "Say 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	83
121	  and Ron went back to the common room, Harry had just said, "At least Hermione's on 	Snape's tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came in.   "I'm 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	144
122	 he keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell's spell, and 	Snape's."   They had reached another door.   "All right?" Harry whispered.   "Go on."   Harry pushed it o	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	155
123	  eagerly.   "Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly. "That's top secret, that is."   "But 	Snape's trying to steal it."   "Rubbish," said Hagrid again. "Snape's a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	62
124	  what he'd seen and heard.   "So we were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and 	Snape's trying to force Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	116
125	 ou all copying that down?"   There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over the noise, 	Snape said, "And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your cheek, Potter."   Things didn't 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
126	 the stairs.   "WEASLEY!"   Ron let go of the front of Malfoy's robes.   "He was provoked, Professor 	Snape," said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree. "Malfoy was insultin' his fam	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	69
127	  break through --"   "So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to 	Snape?" said Hermione in alarm.   "It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.   CHAPTER FOURTEEN   NORBERT	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	118
128	  hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of the tree. He steadied himself in time to hear 	Snape say, "-- your little bit of hocus-pocus.   I'm waiting."   "B-but I d-d-don't --"   "	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	114
129	 .   "Me," he said calmly. "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you here, Potter."   "But I thought -- 	Snape --"   "Severus?" Quirrell laughed, and it wasn't his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and s	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	159
130	 ven stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.   Reaching 	Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well- chosen words. Bright blue flame	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
131	 lp.   "Come on, Harry!" Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at 	Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	99
132	  was insultin' his family."   "Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid," said 	Snape silkily. "Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isn't more. Move along, all of 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	70
133	  a better team than last year.   Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look 	Severus Snape in the face for weeks...."   Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry.  	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
134	 n' Dumbledore himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor 	Snape."   "Snape?"   "Yeah -- yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped protect the Stone,	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	120
135	 . Harry's victory faded from his mind as he watched. He recognized the figure's prowling walk. 	Snape, sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at dinner -- what was going on? Harry jumped back	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	105
136	  as boils started to pop up all over his nose.   "Take him up to the hospital wing," 	Snape spat at Seamus. Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.   "	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
137	    "Nice to see you haven't been brooding about that mirror... been keeping busy... excellent..."   	Snape spat bitterly on the ground.   Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	102
138	  very important anymore. Who cared what the three headed dog was guarding? What did it matter if 	Snape stole it, really? "Are you all right?" said Ron. "You look odd."   What Harry feared most was 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	77
139	 me on, Hermione," Ron muttered desperately.   Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where 	Snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
140	  of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasn't a dunderhead.   "Potter!" said 	Snape suddenly. "What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?"   	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
141	 's yet?"   "B-b-but Severus, I --"   "You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said 	Snape, taking a step toward him.   "I-I don't know what you "You know perfectly well what 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	113
142	  Hagrid collected that package just in time? Where was it now? And did Hagrid know something about 	Snape that he didn't want to tell Harry? CHAPTER NINE   THE MIDNIGHT DUEL   Harry had never believed 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
143	  shot from her wand onto the hem of Snape's robes.   It took perhaps thirty seconds for 	Snape to realize that he was on fire.   A sudden yelp told her she had done her job. 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
144	  you stop saying the name!" Ron hissed.   "So all I've got to wait for now is 	Snape to steal the Stone," Harry went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	133
145	 -Professor Quirrell?"   Harry couldn't take it in. This couldn't be true, it couldn't.   "But 	Snape tried to kill me!"   "No, no, no. I tried to kill you. Your friend Miss Granger accidentally 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	162
146	  yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.   Up in the air, 	Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	100
147	 've got to do," he whispered urgently. "One of us has got to keep an eye on 	Snape -- wait outside the staff room and follow him if he leaves it. Hermione, you'd better do 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	142
148	 't sit down. He paced up and down in front of the fire. He was still shaking.   "	Snape wants the stone for Voldemort... and Voldemort's waiting in the forest... and all this time we 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	131
149	 , but he seemed to keep running into Snape wherever he went. At times, he even wondered whether 	Snape was following him, trying to catch him on his own. Potions lessons were turning into a sort 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	88
150	  ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.   Snape and Filch were inside, alone. 	Snape was holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
151	 ned Ron, gray-faced.   "I knew it," Hermione gasped, "Snape -- look."   Ron grabbed the binoculars. 	Snape was in the middle of the stands opposite them. He had his eyes fixed on Harry and 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
152	  with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape crossed the yard. Harry noticed at once that 	Snape was limping. Harry, Ron, and Hermione moved closer together to block the fire from view; they were 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
153	  that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was watching.   Perhaps that was why 	Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.   "I'	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	95
154	 nees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was handing Snape bandages.   "Blasted thing*," 	Snape was saying. "How are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at once?"   Harry 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
155	 ver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its place. 	Snape was shaking Professor McGonagall's hand, with a horrible, forced smile. He caught Harry's eye and 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	176
156	 , trying to catch him on his own. Potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, 	Snape was so horrible to Harry. Could Snape possibly know they'd found out about the Sorcerer's 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	89
157	 when Dumbledore turns up."   "But what can we --"   Hermione gasped. Harry and Ron wheeled round.   	Snape was standing there.   "Good afternoon," he said smoothly.   They stared at him.   "You shouldn't be	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	139
158	 Dursleys', but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi? 	Snape was still ignoring Hermione's quivering hand.   "What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
159	 , and Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside. 	Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper, which surely meant that the Stone was still safe. 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	119
160	 . But he never wanted you dead."   "But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing -- I thought 	Snape was threatening you...."   For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell's face.   "S	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	171
161	  ever since Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what 	Snape was trying to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to begin, not 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	72
162	  have managed it before then if Snape hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you."   "	Snape was trying to save me?"   "Of course," said Quirrell coolly. "\Why do you think he wanted to 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	165
163	 dn't have bothered. I couldn't do anything with Dumbledore watching. All the other teachers thought 	Snape was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did make himself unpopular...   and what a waste of 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	166
164	  see one, Hagrid, I've read all about them! You've got to keep eye contact, and 	Snape wasn't blinking at all, I saw him!"   "I'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!" said Hagrid hotly. "	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	65
165	  out and asked me what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and 	Snape went to get him, and I've only just got away, I don't know where Snape 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	146
166	  Snape went to get him, and I've only just got away, I don't know where 	Snape went."   "Well, that's it then, isn't it?" Harry said.   The other two stared at him. 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	147
167	  didn't know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to keep running into 	Snape wherever he went. At times, he even wondered whether Snape was following him, trying to catch him 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	87
168	 ne in the chamber back there? Unfortunately, while everyone else was running around looking for it, 	Snape, who already suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not only 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	167
169	  know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it was 	Snape who replied, "The Restricted Section? Well, they can't be far, we'll catch them."   Harry stood 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	74
170	  Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, 	Snape, whose laugh became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
171	 's roars. A moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room, closely followed by 	Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
172	  Sorcerer's Stones that Snape had just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard, 	Snape would be walking with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given in at 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	126
173	 .   Harry could have laughed out loud with relief He was safe. There was simply no way that 	Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was watching.   Perhaps that was why Snape was 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	94
174	  the fire off him into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row -- 	Snape would never know what had happened.   It was enough. Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
175	  he could have it.   "Better you than me," they said together, but Harry had an idea that 	Snape wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.   He made his way down to the staffroom 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
176	 ' yeh, yer wrong!" said Hagrid hotly. "I don' know why Harry's broom acted like that, but 	Snape wouldn' try an' kill a student! Now, listen to me, all three of yeh -- yer meddlin' in 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	66
177	 re himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor Snape."   "	Snape?"   "Yeah -- yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped protect the Stone, he's 	Harry Potter 1 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	121
