1	  Grunt. Harry supposed that meant yes.   "Thank you."   He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle 	Vernon actually spoke.   "Funny way to get to a wizards' school, the train. Magic carpets all got puncture	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	136
2	 er.   Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle 	Vernon.   "An' here's Harry!" said the giant.   Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	110
3	   "It was not a mistake," said Harry angrily, "it had my cupboard on it."   "SILENCE!" yelled Uncle 	Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling. He took a few deep breaths and then 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	74
4	  his uncle. "Take this stuff upstairs, now."   The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle 	Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one where Dudley slept, 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	75
5	  thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he'd opened the letter in the hall. Uncle 	Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each other darkly.   When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seem	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	77
6	  parcel contained a note.   We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle 	Vernon and Aunt Petunia. Taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece.   "That's friendly," said Harry.   	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	143
7	 't. He looked back at the snake and winked, too.   The snake jerked its head toward Uncle 	Vernon and Dudley, then raised its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Harry a look that said quite 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
8	 't move.   I WANT MY LETTER!" he shouted.   "Let me see it!" demanded Dudley.   "OUT!" roared Uncle 	Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	66
9	  get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle 	Vernon around the neck from behind. After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	81
10	  from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.   "	Vernon," Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, "look at the address -- how could they possibly kno	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	67
11	  Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle 	Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.   Harry felt, afterward, that he 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
12	 Dumbled--"   "I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL To TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!"   yelled Uncle 	Vernon.   But he had finally gone too far. Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, "	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	127
13	 ay at Stonewall High -- like he was wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably.   Dudley and Uncle 	Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the smell from Harry's new uniform. Uncle Vernon 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
14	  jerked awake. "Where's the cannon?" he said stupidly.   There was a crash behind them and Uncle 	Vernon came skidding into the room. He was holding a rifle in his hands -- now they knew what 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	109
15	 tosh," said Uncle Vernon. Harry jumped; he had almost forgotten that the Dursleys were there. Uncle 	Vernon certainly seemed to have got back his courage. He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	122
16	  Petunia.   "Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right then."   Uncle 	Vernon chuckled. "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffle	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
17	  wasn't school, his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg's cabbage-smelling living room.   While he drove, Uncle 	Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
18	  in we'd stamp out that dangerous nonsense?"   That evening when he got back from work, Uncle 	Vernon did something he'd never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.   "Where's my letter?" 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	71
19	 rd from now until Christmas."   "I'm not going to do anything," said Harry, "honestly..   But Uncle 	Vernon didn't believe him. No one ever did.   The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
20	 't it be better just to go home, dear?" Aunt Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but Uncle 	Vernon didn't seem to hear her. Exactly what he was looking for, none of them knew. He 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	99
21	  so scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle 	Vernon didn't shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do anything, or shout at him -- in 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	132
22	    I want --" he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into pieces before his eyes. Uncle 	Vernon didnt go to work that day. He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.   "See," 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	86
23	  to Harry, and they had set off.   They reached King's Cross at half past ten. Uncle 	Vernon dumped Harry's trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him. Harry thought 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	140
24	  a few minutes later, Mr. Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills.   	Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor. If 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
25	  Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy, happy day!"   And the old man hugged 	Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off.   Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
26	  collecting for something...   yes, that would be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, 	Mr. Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills.   Mr. Dursley always sat with 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
27	 cause Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls. "Little tyke," chortled 	Mr. Dursley as he left the house. He got into his car and backed out of number four'	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
28	  sight. What could he have been thinking of? It must have been a trick of the light. 	Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Dursley drove around the corner 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
29	 ?"   As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump.   "DUDLEY! 	MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT IT'S DOING!"   Dudley came 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
30	  help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about. People in cloaks. 	Mr. Dursley couldn't bear people who dressed in funny clothes -- the getups you saw on young people! 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
31	  word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed.   While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, 	Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden. The cat was still 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
32	  that he noticed the first sign of something peculiar -- a cat reading a map. For a second, 	Mr. Dursley didn't realize what he had seen -- then he jerked his head around to look again. 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
33	  a trick of the light. Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. It stared back. As 	Mr. Dursley drove around the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. It 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
34	  sign that said Privet Drive -- no, looking at the sign; cats couldn't read maps or signs. 	Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and put the cat out of his mind. As he drove 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
35	  their living room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when 	Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
36	  name again? Howard, isn't it?"   "Harry. Nasty, common name, if you ask me."   "Oh, yes," said 	Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. "Yes, I quite agree."   He didn't say another word on the 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
37	  as owl after owl sped overhead. Most of them had never seen an owl even at nighttime. 	Mr. Dursley, however, had a perfectly normal, owl-free morning. He yelled at five different people. He made 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
38	 outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country. 	Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
39	 't think he could bear it.   The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but 	Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His last, comforting thought before he fell 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
40	  was sure it was the same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.   "Shoo!" said 	Mr. Dursley loudly. The cat didn't move. It just gave him a stern look. Was this normal 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
41	  going on -- he yawned and turned over -- it couldn't affect them....   How very wrong he was.   	Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
42	  pretended she didn't have a sister.   "No," she said sharply. "Why?"   "Funny stuff on the news," 	Mr. Dursley mumbled. "Owls... shooting stars... and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today..." 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
43	  chair.   None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.   At half past eight, 	Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
44	 ," he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. It was a few seconds before 	Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet cloak. He didn't seem at all upset 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
45	  Night early -- it's not until next week, folks! But I can promise a wet night tonight."   	Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars all over Britain? Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious pe	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
46	 , this happy, happy day!"   And the old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off.   	Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a complete stranger. He also thought 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
47	  they were saying.   "The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard yes, their son, Harry"   	Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
48	  than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The nerve of him! But then it struck 	Mr. Dursley that this was probably some silly stunt -- these people were obviously collecting for something... 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
49	 . Next Door's problems with her daughter and how Dudley had learned a new word ("Won't!"). 	Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
50	 fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by. They were whispering excitedly together. 	Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them weren't young at all; why, that 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
51	  be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.   	Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. He was a big, beefy 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
52	 . The cat didn't move. It just gave him a stern look. Was this normal cat behavior? 	Mr. Dursley wondered. Trying to pull himself together, he let himself into the house. He was still determined 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
53	  something to do with... you know... her crowd."   Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. 	Mr. Dursley wondered whether he dared tell her he'd heard the name "Potter." He decided he didn'	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
54	  commanded. "Stop right there, sit! I forbid you to tell the boy anything!"   A braver man than 	Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	117
55	 ."   Don't ask questions -- that was the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursleys.   Uncle 	Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.   "Comb your hair!" he barked, by way 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
56	  of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.   "Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle 	Vernon from behind his paper.   "Make Harry get it."   "Get the mail, Harry."   "Make Dudley get it."   "P	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
57	 , an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter H.   "Hurry up, boy!" shouted Uncle 	Vernon from the kitchen. "What are you doing, checking for letter bombs?" He chuckled at his own joke.   	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
58	 One thing was certain, there was no television in there.   "Storm forecast for tonight!" said Uncle 	Vernon gleefully, clapping his hands together. "And this gentleman's kindly agreed to lend us his boat!"  	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	104
59	 don?" Harry asked, trying to keep things friendly.   "Taking Dudley to the hospital," growled Uncle 	Vernon. "Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings."   Harry woke at five o'	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	139
60	  listening.   "Er -- I need to be at King's Cross tomorrow to -- to go to Hogwarts."   Uncle 	Vernon grunted again.   "Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?"   Grunt. Harry supposed that 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	135
61	  them know he was there, and Dudley screamed and ran from the room.   "Er -- Uncle Vernon?"   Uncle 	Vernon grunted to show he was listening.   "Er -- I need to be at King's Cross tomorrow to -- 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	134
62	  to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uncle's face. Uncle 	Vernon had been lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making sure 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	83
63	  rock. The sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. The boat Uncle 	Vernon had hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.   "How 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	130
64	 garage.   "Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?" Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon. Uncle 	Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared.   It started to rain. 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	100
65	  done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.   "Where's my letter?" said Harry, the moment Uncle 	Vernon had squeezed through the door. "Who's writing to me?"   "No one. it was addressed to you 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	72
66	  been able to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle 	Vernon had taken Harry aside.   "I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
67	  cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him. Uncle 	Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	80
68	 house myself, on Dumbledore's orders. Brought yeh ter this lot..."   "Load of old tosh," said Uncle 	Vernon. Harry jumped; he had almost forgotten that the Dursleys were there. Uncle Vernon certainly seemed 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	121
69	  by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle 	Vernon. He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
70	  porridge.   "P-P-Petunia!" he gasped.   Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle 	Vernon held it high out of his reach. Aunt Petunia took it curiously and read the first line. 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	62
71	 non. "There is no platform nine and three-quarters."   "It's on my ticket."   "Barking," said Uncle 	Vernon, "howling mad, the lot of them. You'll see.   You just wait. All right, we'll take 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	138
72	  Harry.   "You must be Harry's family!" said Mrs. Weasley.   "In a manner of speaking," said Uncle 	Vernon. "Hurry up, boy, we haven't got all day." He walked away.   Harry hung back for a 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	145
73	  be? He'd spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle 	Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned into warty toads every time 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	125
74	 m all these years?"   "Kept what from me?" said Harry eagerly.   "STOP! I FORBID YOU!" yelled Uncle 	Vernon in panic.   Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.   "Ah, go boil yet heads, both of yeh," 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	118
75	  address: Mr. H. Potter Room 17 Railview Hotel Cokeworth Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle 	Vernon knocked his hand out of the way. The woman stared.   "I'll take them," said Uncle Vernon, 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	97
76	 , who was pulling on his huge boots.   "I haven't got any money -- and you heard Uncle 	Vernon last night ... he won't pay for me to go and learn magic."   "Don't worry about 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	129
77	 her one! 'Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'\x93   With a strangled cry, Uncle 	Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him. Uncle Vernon had to 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	79
78	  from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat. Pointing this at Uncle 	Vernon like a sword, he said, "I'm warning you, Dursley -I'm warning you -- one more word... \	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	123
79	  bacon.   "Comb your hair!" he barked, by way of a morning greeting.   About once a week, Uncle 	Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a haircut. Harry must have 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
80	  giant. "Yeh look a lot like yet dad, but yeh've got yet mom's eyes."   Uncle 	Vernon made a funny rasping noise.   I demand that you leave at once, sit!" he said. "You are 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	111
81	  if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.   Uncle 	Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.   "Anyway -- Harry," said the giant, turni	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	113
82	 hat their very confused milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle 	Vernon made furious telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	90
83	 em.   I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Harry, remembering suddenly. "It was flying."   Uncle 	Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned right around in his seat and yelled at 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
84	  moment it looked as though she might faint. She clutched her throat and made a choking noise.   "	Vernon! Oh my goodness -- Vernon!"   They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and D	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	63
85	  they can't deliver them they'll just give up."   "I'm not sure that'll work, 	Vernon."   "Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not like you and me," 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	87
86	  Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the smell from Harry's new uniform. Uncle 	Vernon opened his newspaper as usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere, on	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
87	  Vernon tapped on the glass, but the snake didn't budge.   "Do it again," Dudley ordered. Uncle 	Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.   "This is boring," Dudl	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
88	  Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow envelope.   Uncle 	Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the postcard.   "Marge's ill," he inform	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
89	  on them, Harry saw a curly pig's tail poking through a hole in his trousers.   Uncle 	Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	128
90	  quickly found the largest snake in the place. It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle 	Vernon's car and crushed it into a trash can -- but at the moment it didn't look 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
91	  playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle 	Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
92	 ... \x93   In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle 	Vernon's courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.   "That's better," s	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	124
93	 ," said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle 	Vernon's hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	112
94	  into the kitchen and by the time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle 	Vernon's lap.   Harry could see three letters addressed in green ink.   I want --" he began, but Uncle 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	84
95	  first time in his life, he wouldn't be with Dudley. Dudley had been accepted at Uncle 	Vernon's old private school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there too. Harry, on the other hand, was 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
96	  exactly fun -- last year, the Dursleys had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle 	Vernon's old socks.   Still, you weren't eleven every day.   Uncle Vernon was back and he was 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	101
97	  in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty. There were only two rooms.   Uncle 	Vernon's rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four bananas. He tried to 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	107
98	  we do, Vernon? Should we write back? Tell them we don't want --"   Harry could see Uncle 	Vernon's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the kitchen.   "No," he said finally. "No, we'll 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	70
99	  stick and went to get the mail. Three things lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle 	Vernon's sister Marge, who was vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
100	 ys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle 	Vernon's sister, Marge), one where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	76
101	  to be good training for later life.   As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle 	Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. Aunt Petunia burst into tears and 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
102	 d the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle 	Vernon said sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley."   The giant chuckled darkly.   "Yet grea	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	114
103	 earth wants to talk to you this badly?" Dudley asked Harry in amazement.   On Sunday morning, Uncle 	Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.   "No post on Sundays," 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	91
104	 llets. The Dursleys ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch one.   "Out! OUT!"   Uncle 	Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.   When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	92
105	 's mine!" said Harry, trying to snatch it back.   "Who'd be writing to you?" sneered Uncle 	Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it. His face went from red to 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	61
106	 wy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.   "We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested.   "Don't be silly, 	Vernon, she hates the boy."   The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn't 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
107	 stwatch when Aunt Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.   "Bad news, 	Vernon," she said. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't take him." She jerked her head 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
108	 r, then."   "Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said Hermione, looking uncertainly after Uncle 	Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant.   "Oh, I will," said Harry, and they were surprised at	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	146
109	  door. "Who's writing to me?"   "No one. it was addressed to you by mistake," said Uncle 	Vernon shortly.   "I have burned it."   "It was not a mistake," said Harry angrily, "it had my cupboard 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	73
110	 tching -- spying -- might be following us," muttered Uncle Vernon wildly.   "But what should we do, 	Vernon? Should we write back? Tell them we don't want --"   Harry could see Uncle Vernon's shiny 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	69
111	  the hall.   When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their faces, Uncle 	Vernon slammed the door shut. They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	93
112	  a chilly wind whipped their faces. After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle 	Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.   The inside was horrible; it smelled 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	106
113	  bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.   "I've already got us some rations," said Uncle 	Vernon, "so all aboard!"   It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down their 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	105
114	  Vernon knocked his hand out of the way. The woman stared.   "I'll take them," said Uncle 	Vernon, standing up quickly and following her from the dining room.   Wouldn't it be better just to 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	98
115	 rough the sides, and a few even forced through the small window in the downstairs bathroom.   Uncle 	Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got out a hammer and nails and 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	89
116	  mouth was open and closed it quickly.   "Where was I?" said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle 	Vernon, still ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.   "He's not going," he said.  	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	119
117	 ge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley."   "Oh, it was nothing, dear."   "Ready, are you?"   It was Uncle 	Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	144
118	  see, and he'd never gone so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.   Uncle 	Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city. Dudley and 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	96
119	  cart and wheeled it into the station for him. Harry thought this was strangely kind until Uncle 	Vernon stopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face.   "Well, there you are, boy. 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	141
120	  a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle 	Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry's letter clutched in his hand.   "Go to your cupboa	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	82
121	  to read it," said Harry furiously, "as it's mine."   "Get out, both of you," croaked Uncle 	Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.   Harry didn't move.   I WANT MY LETTER!" he shouted	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	65
122	 air, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.   "Yeh don' know what yeh are?" he said finally.   Uncle 	Vernon suddenly found his voice.   "Stop!" he commanded. "Stop right there, sit! I forbid you to tell the 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	116
123	  he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.   "We could phone Marge," Uncle 	Vernon suggested.   "Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy."   The Dursleys often spoke about Harry li	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
124	 ."   "We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish," said Uncle 	Vernon, "swore we'd stamp it out of him! Wizard indeed!"   "You knew?" said Harry. "You knew I'	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	120
125	  the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils.   "Make it move," he whined at his father. Uncle 	Vernon tapped on the glass, but the snake didn't budge.   "Do it again," Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
126	 thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, the Daily Prophet. Harry had learned from Uncle 	Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	131
127	  same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle 	Vernon.   "That's mine!" said Harry, trying to snatch it back.   "Who'd be writing to you?" sneered 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	60
128	  his own joke.   Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter. He handed Uncle 	Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow envelope.   Uncle Vernon 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
129	 nd uncle stared.   "Platform what?"   "Nine and three-quarters."   "Don't talk rubbish," said Uncle 	Vernon. "There is no platform nine and three-quarters."   "It's on my ticket."   "Barking," said Uncle Ver	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	137
130	 ugh she might faint. She clutched her throat and made a choking noise.   "Vernon! Oh my goodness -- 	Vernon!"   They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and Dudley were still in the 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	64
131	  had been climbing school buildings. But all he'd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle 	Vernon through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
132	  people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not like you and me," said Uncle 	Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.   	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	88
133	 tters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.   "That does it," said Uncle 	Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at the same time. I 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	94
134	  to let them know he was there, and Dudley screamed and ran from the room.   "Er -- Uncle 	Vernon?"   Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.   "Er -- I need to be at King's Cross 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	133
135	 , was Piers calming down enough to say, "Harry was talking to it, weren't you, Harry?"   Uncle 	Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before starting on Harry. He was so angry 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
136	  and a pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks.   Still, you weren't eleven every day.   Uncle 	Vernon was back and he was smiling. He was also carrying a long, thin package and didn't 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	102
137	  the perfect place!" he said. "Come on! Everyone out!"   It was very cold outside the car. Uncle 	Vernon was pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at sea. Perched on top of 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	103
138	 's lap.   Harry could see three letters addressed in green ink.   I want --" he began, but Uncle 	Vernon was tearing the letters into pieces before his eyes. Uncle Vernon didnt go to work that day. 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	85
139	  Hagrid. "Harry Potter, not a wizard -- you wait, you'll be right famous at Hogwarts."   But Uncle 	Vernon wasn't going to give in without a fight.   "Haven't I told you he's not 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	126
140	 .   At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle 	Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new compu	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
141	  second room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa. She and Uncle 	Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	108
142	 ld."   "What world?"   Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.   "DURSLEY!" he boomed.   Uncle 	Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like "Mimblewimble." Hagrid stared wildly	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	115
143	 ll. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each other darkly.   When the mail arrived, Uncle 	Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice to Harry, made Dudley go and get it. They 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	78
144	  think they're watching the house?"   "Watching -- spying -- might be following us," muttered Uncle 	Vernon wildly.   "But what should we do, Vernon? Should we write back? Tell them we don't want --"   	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	68
145	  one next to it, and in the middle, nothing at all.   "Have a good term," said Uncle 	Vernon with an even nastier smile. He left without another word. Harry turned and saw the Dursleys drive 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	142
146	  drove. Even Aunt Petunia didn't dare ask where they were going. Every now and then Uncle 	Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while. "Shake'em off... 	Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	95
