1	 e me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?"   Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was 	Wood a cane she was going to use on him? But Wood turned out to be a person, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	4
2	 at for silence.   "Okay, men," he said.   "And women," said Chaser Angelina Johnson.   "And women," 	Wood agreed. "This is it."   "The big one," said Fred Weasley.   "The one we've all been waiting 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	42
3	  had it with sneaking around and spying. He felt so ashamed of himself that he went to 	Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.   "Resign?" Wood thundered. "What good'll that do? H	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	56
4	  walls. Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of 	wood and stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons. D	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	1
5	  eagle up there -- he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper 	Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle -- that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive aro	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	45
6	  it that was going to be the problem.   "We won't practice with the Snitch yet," said 	Wood, carefully shutting it back inside the crate, "it's too dark, we might lose it. Let's 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	34
7	  the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).   	Wood cleared his throat for silence.   "Okay, men," he said.   "And women," said Chaser Angelina Johnson	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	41
8	 's sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn't it?"   "What's basketball?" said 	Wood curiously. "Never mind," said Harry quickly.   "Now, there's another player on each side who's call	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	25
9	  his legs.   "He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive," Professor McGonagall told 	Wood. "Didn't even scratch himself. Charlie Weasley couldn't have done it."   Wood was now looking as 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	10
10	 l posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team," Harry reeled off.   "Very good," said 	Wood.   "Er -- have the Bludgers ever killed anyone?" Harry asked, hoping he sounded offhand.   "Never a	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	31
11	 om. She opened the door and poked her head inside.   "Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow 	Wood for a moment?"   Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	2
12	 en he was tired out after training.   Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice session, 	Wood gave the team a bit of bad news. He'd just gotten very angry with the Weasleys, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	52
13	 us Two Thousand turned wherever he wanted at his lightest touch.   "Hey, Potter, come down!' Oliver 	Wood had arrived. fie was carrying a large wooden crate under his arm. Harry landed next to him.   "	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	20
14	 ld move up into second place in the house championship.   Hardly anyone had seen Harry play because 	Wood had decided that, as their secret weapon, Harry should be kept, well, secret. But the news that 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	39
15	  and Wood's game plan.   "Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch," 	Wood had said. "We don't want you attacked before you have to be."   When Angelina had scored, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	47
16	  his wand up his sleeve.   "I know," Ron snapped. "Don't nag."   Back in the locker room, 	Wood had taken Harry aside.   "Don't want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	55
17	  they couldn't carry on.   "That Quidditch cup'll have our name on it this year," said 	Wood happily as they trudged back up to the castle. "I wouldn't be surprised if you turn 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	37
18	  bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.   Too eager to fly again to wait for 	Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the ground. What a feeling -- he swooped in and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	19
19	  dark and the damp "So light a fire!" Harry choked.   "Yes -- of course -- but there's no 	wood!" Hermione cried, wringing her hands.   "HAVE YOU GONE MAD?" Ron bellowed. "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	58
20	  was carrying a large wooden crate under his arm. Harry landed next to him.   "Very nice," said 	Wood, his eyes glinting. "I see what McGonagall meant... you really are a natural. I'm just going 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	21
21	 .   "Yeah," said Ron, "and lucky Harry doesn't lose his head in a crisis -- 'there's no 	wood,' honestly."   "This way," said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way for	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	59
22	  slammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.   "Potter, this is Oliver Wood. 	Wood -- I've found you a Seeker."   Wood's expression changed from puzzlement to delight.   "Are you ser	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	8
23	  size of a large walnut. It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver wings.   "This," said 	Wood, "is the Golden Snitch, and it's the most important ball of the lot. It's very 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	33
24	 g confused.   "Follow me, you two," said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, 	Wood looking curiously at Harry.   "In here."   Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	6
25	 three times a week."   He opened the crate. Inside were four different-sized balls.   "Right," said 	Wood. "Now, Quidditch is easy enough to understand, even if it's not too easy to play. There 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	22
26	 e Gryffindor team," Professor McGonagall explained.   "He's just the build for a Seeker, too," said 	Wood, now walking around Harry and staring at him. "Light -- speedy -- we'll have to get him a 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	13
27	  at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.   "See?" 	Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely. "The Bludg	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	30
28	  than a match for the Bludgers -- I mean, they're like a pair of human Bludgers themselves."   	Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth and last ball.   Compared with the Quaffle and 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	32
29	 his dreams had come true at once.   "Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Potter?" he asked excitedly.   "	Wood's captain of the Gryffindor team," Professor McGonagall explained.   "He's just the build for a See	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	12
30	  to face the two boys.   "Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood -- I've found you a Seeker."   	Wood's expression changed from puzzlement to delight.   "Are you serious, Professor?"   "Absolutely," sa	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	9
31	  over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Snitch. This was part of his and 	Wood's game plan.   "Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch," Wood had 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	46
32	 's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver 	Wood's, last year only a reserve -- back to Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	44
33	  him alive again. This wasn't what you'd call comforting. Harry hardly heard a word of 	Wood's pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	54
34	 't dampen his spirits. The Weasleys complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Harry was on 	Wood's side. If they won their next match, against Hufflepuff, they would overtake Slytherin in the hous	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	51
35	 , a bit like a short baseball bat.   "I'm going to show you what the Bludgers do," 	Wood said. "These two are the Bludgers."   He showed Harry two identical balls, jet black and slightly s	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	27
36	  for?" He pointed at the three balls left inside the box.   "I'll show you now," said 	Wood. "Take this."   He handed Harry a small club, a bit like a short baseball bat.   "I'm 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	26
37	  bright red ball about the size of a soccer ball.   "This ball's called the Quaffle," said 	Wood. "The Chasers throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	24
38	  by heart," Fred told Harry, "we were on the team last year."   "Shut up, you two," said 	Wood. "This is the best team Gryffindor's had in years. We're going to win. I know 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	43
39	 r and poked her head inside.   "Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?"   	Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him? But Wood turned 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	3
40	  out of his pocket and a few minutes later, he and Harry were up in the air, 	Wood throwing the golf balls as hard as he could in every direction for Harry to catch.   Harry 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	35
41	  ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.   "Resign?" 	Wood thundered. "What good'll that do? How are we going to get any points back if we 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	57
42	 . Harry tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal- posts -- he had half a mind to ask 	Wood to call time-out -- and then he realized that his broom was completely out of his control. 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	48
43	 , shoveling pie into his mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the excitement of the afternoon. "	Wood told me."   Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry.   "I start 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	14
44	  came into the hall, spotted Harry, and hurried over.   "Well done," said George in a low voice. "	Wood told us. We're on the team too -- Beaters."   "I tell you, we're going to win 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	16
45	 en players on each side.   Three of them are called Chasers."   "Three Chasers," Harry repeated, as 	Wood took out a bright red ball about the size of a soccer ball.   "This ball's called 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	23
46	  moment?"   Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him? But 	Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwicles class 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	5
47	  feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of 	wood up its nose, and Harry's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	38
48	  sat and gaped at Harry.   "I start training next week," said Harry. "Only don't tell anyone, 	Wood wants to keep it a secret."   Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	15
49	  that they seemed to be straining to escape the straps holding them inside the box.   "Stand back," 	Wood warned Harry. He bent down and freed one of the Bludgers.   At once, the black ball rose 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	28
50	  Charlie left, but this year's team is going to be brilliant. You must be good, Harry, 	Wood was almost skipping when he told us."   "Anyway, we've got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	17
51	 e endless rain that had replaced the snow couldn't dampen his spirits. The Weasleys complained that 	Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Harry was on Wood's side. If they won their next match, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	50
52	  he could in every direction for Harry to catch.   Harry didn't miss a single one, and 	Wood was delighted. After half an hour, night had really fallen and they couldn't carry on.   "That 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	36
53	  have gotten through all his homework without her, what with all the last-minute Quidditch practice 	Wood was making them do. She had also tent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	40
54	 essor McGonagall told Wood. "Didn't even scratch himself. Charlie Weasley couldn't have done it."   	Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once.   "Ever seen a game 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	11
55	 reaks. Harry had even less time than the other two, because Quidditch practice had started again.   	Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even the endless rain that had replaced the snow couldn'	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	49
56	  rest of the team landed next to George to complain, too.   "It's not my fault," said 	Wood. "We've just got to make sure we play a clean game, so Snape hasn't got 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	53
57	 , and sent it zigzagging away into the air -- it zoomed around their heads and then shot at 	Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.   "See?" Wood panted, 	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	29
58	  don't want everybody knowing you've got a broomstick or they'll all want one. Oliver 	Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o'clock for your first training session.   	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	18
59	  McGonagall slammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.   "Potter, this is Oliver 	Wood. Wood -- I've found you a Seeker."   Wood's expression changed from puzzlement to delight.   "Are y	 - Sorcerer's Stone.txt	0	7
